# Running Design and Research Agenda

## May 30, 2024
### Agenda topics
- 10-10d update - [analysis Mural](https://app.mural.co/t/departmentofveteransaffairs9999/m/departmentofveteransaffairs9999/1712766096062/a4141cf44d7867853fb69698ea6003aa2216d5d4?wid=0-1717015651965&sender=u3844370d13a440a7859d3526)
- July 8 FMP readout at Monday meeting / currently unscheduled stakeholder readout
- CHAMPVA claim stakeholder interviews
  - Lois: We have a prototype, we have screens. What is the goal for stakeholder interviews? We may not need the process from FMP, with full affinity mapping. 
  - Rachael + Steven: Biggest pieces of info that we're missing: service and process. How does a claim get processed? How are things functioning on the back end? What are the most common errors from the perspectives of stakeholders?
  - Lois: Wants to see a research plan.
  - Lois: Maybe use CHAMPVA Monday meeting to see who we need to talk to to answer those questions. Some of our stakeholders have changed.
- Future research: I'm wondering if it makes sense to watch forms / claims processors once we have a form in production or maybe pre-production to understand the new digital form experience from the processor perspective.

### Decisions and action items
- Work on 10-10d GH report first, then after that we can stakeholder readout
- Stakeholder readout: aim for delivering in Sprint 20.
  - 8 hours for drafts of both decks, to 2 hrs to make any changes after Lois and Premal's review
  - Shorter is better. After the first readout, two weeks later, come back with specific workshop items where we present findings and design changes and work on them together.
  - Work on research plan for CHAMPVA claims (7959a).
    - Look at the questions Syd had for 59a and see if we can roll them into stakeholder interviews, and if we even need  to ask them at all.
  - Add future research item to backlog.
