# Participant 1 

**00:00:06.100 Moderator:** I have started recording. I'd like to confirm, [Redacted PII], are you comfortable if I record my screen and the audio as we talk today?

**00:00:13.760 P1:** No problem at all.

**00:00:16.340 Moderator:** Are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other VA partners if we remove any information that can be used to identify you?

**00:00:25.770 P1:** No problem at all.

**00:00:28.080 Moderator:** Thank you very much.

**00:00:30.680 P1:** So I'm supposed to say, okay.

**00:00:34.520 Moderator:** So we're going to be interacting with a prototype during this session. But before we get to that, I'd like to ask a few questions to better understand your past experiences and your needs in regard to VA, healthcare, and appointments. Can you tell me about your last VA health appointment? How was the appointment scheduled, and by who?

**00:00:55.900 P1:** The appointment was scheduled by me through messaging. I logged on to my VA healthcare, and I messaged the provider. I called first. But they told me she would prefer to… that I… contact her directly through messaging, so I messaged her, and she returned and said, and we worked out a time, and I went in. What else did you ask? Was that it?

**00:01:28.250 Moderator:** I asked you, yeah, how, how was the appointment scheduled, and by who? So you answered that question. You called first, she asked you to message, you messaged then, and then you were… Yeah. Alright. Now… Why did the scheduler make the appointment instead of you using the self-scheduling tool on VA.gov?

**00:01:57.400 P1:** Maybe I don't know how to use it. That could be one reason. It was not like with my primary care, it's a kind of specialty, because it was… I guess she's part of the physical therapy chain, and she was on leave for a little time, and she likes to make her own appointments, so… And I think she's the only one at that clinic that does this particular thing that works with [medical condition] patients. So I think she's the only one that does that, and I… That's why I think she didn't recommend that way, but honestly, I have not used the self-scheduling portal. I've called… And I've messaged, but I haven't… I don't even think I know how to use it, so…

**00:02:47.070 Moderator:** Okay, thank you. When you made the appointment, or when you… after you had messaged, was the appointment made for you in real time while you were interacting with the scheduler? So you called, she said to message, then once you messaged.

**00:03:05.830 P1:** I think so, and it was the actual provider that did the appointment for me. The scheduler who I called wasn't able to make me an appointment, so she told me to message the provider, and the provider called… I think she actually did call me back before we actually finished it by messaging, and she talked about when I could come in, and we made it at that moment. So I do think it was made, you know, right then when we discussed it or messaged about it, I think.

**00:03:36.530 Moderator:** Okay, so, just to make sure I have it correctly, you called the scheduler. The scheduler told you to send a message to the provider. Is that correct? So you message the provider directly, the provider you spoke with, and have the appointment made directly with the provider, is that correct?

**00:03:56.960 P1:** Yes, that is correct. Sorry if I was confusing. This particular case is a little different, I think. It's not normally how we make appointments.

**00:04:01.220 Moderator:** No, no, you weren't confusing. Understood, thank you. Well, it's good to know all of the different ways that appointments are made, and different circumstances, right? Now, let me ask you this. What did you like or dislike about the way that this appointment was scheduled for you?

**00:04:27.050 P1:** Well, I like that… the provider got back to me fairly quickly and was able to get me a quick appointment. I mean, I didn't have to wait 3 or 4 months or whatever, so I like that. But I think I would prefer to be able to just call and make an appointment with the scheduler and not have to go through several different steps to, you know, reach the provider or whatever. I think that would be the simplest way, or if there's a self-scheduling tool that is simple to use. I'd be happy to try it, for sure, you know?

**00:05:05.450 Moderator:** Yeah. Now, you had said this was a unique situation where you messaged directly with the provider. Was there another time that you scheduled an appointment directly with a scheduler?

**00:05:20.320 P1:** A yes. Yes, I have. I have done that a couple of times. I might have other times, but a few times.

**00:05:28.260 Moderator:** Okay, now, can I ask you to recall that and ask what you liked or disliked about working with a scheduler?

**00:05:37.110 P1:** When I'm able to call, and they make me an appointment right there on the phone, I don't dislike anything about it. I like it. I like it to work that way. I mean, and it has worked that way a couple of times, but some… I don't know if it's just the market I'm in, or the area I'm in, but sometimes there's only just… one provider for a certain particular thing, so it seems like it's harder to pin down their schedule sometimes, I don't know. So… sometimes it's like a call back, or we got to check with him and get back to you.

**00:06:12.530 Moderator:** Do you feel like the schedulers, the VA schedulers, have enough information to adequately schedule an appointment without needing to contact you for additional information?

**00:06:23.760 P1:** Often they do. It's not usually not me they have to contact, it's usually the providers they have to contact. It seems to me sometimes they don't have their schedule, or their schedule changes a lot, I don't know.

**00:06:39.210 Moderator:** So, you feel like the VA has all of the information that they need to schedule the appointments for you. The problem — any issues that you've had in getting appointments — is provider availability, is that…

**00:06:53.090 P1:** Yeah.

**00:06:54.160 Moderator:** Okay. Thank you. Now… [Redacted PII], what does self-scheduling mean to you?

**00:07:02.540 P1:** I guess self-scheduling would mean to me I don't necessarily have to talk to anyone, I can just maybe go online, go to the VA website, help… site, and just be able to schedule it. That's what self-scheduling would mean to me.

**00:07:23.750 Moderator:** Thank you. And what does help with self-scheduling mean to you?

**00:07:27.540 P1:** It means I can't do it myself, so I need to ask somebody for help, I guess. Then it almost is not self-scheduling anymore.

**00:07:37.610 Moderator:** Now, you alluded to this answer, but I'm going to ask the question anyway. Would you like to self-schedule VA appointments, or do you prefer help to schedule, and why?

**00:07:48.020 P1:** If it was simple to self-schedule, I would definitely like that. I mean, I don't know if that's a possibility, I mean… It's just… just getting into the website is typically difficult, because you have to have these incredibly long passwords, and they make you change them every other month, and, you know, it's a hassle. So, in general, I'd rather just pick up the phone and get an appointment, because I don't want to deal with having to log on again, or having to create a new password, or have to, you know, I have to use this thing for all these different websites. It's just… it can be a hassle. So, if it can make it simple, I would like it, but ideally, I do not mind picking up the phone and calling and making an appointment.

**00:08:39.260 Moderator:** Understood. Thank you. Have you ever submitted an appointment request online? And just to note, a request is when you say what type of appointment you'd like, with some options for preferred days and times.

**00:08:52.640 P1:** No, I haven't. I don't know. I don't even know how to do it, honestly. The only system I've used is calling and the message system, as far as messaging the provider and getting the answers back.

**00:09:06.920 Moderator:** How would you improve the overall experience when scheduling appointments with VA staff?

**00:09:15.900 P1:** I… I think for me, it would be good if they had one central number who could schedule any appointment you wanted, whether it was with the physical therapist, the regular doctor, urgent care, whatever. You know, for my area, obviously, you know, they could schedule me. They did have a system where they could see every provider, every team, whatever, and they could schedule me for whatever it was I needed. And it doesn't… I mean, it… you do call the same number. But you can also call direct to different departments and different providers, and typically, sometimes you call and they have to refer you somewhere else, or you have to call somewhere else. It's not as centralized as I would like. And if I could… if I could self-schedule, I'd want it to be centralized, so I want to be able to go to one place and be able to make all the… have all the choices there. I can make the choice, and I could find the availability and just schedule it.

**00:10:31.790 Moderator:** Very helpful. Thanks, [Redacted PII]. Now I'm going to send you a link to a prototype, located in the chat box here.

**00:10:42.250 P1:** Okay.

**00:10:42.840 Moderator:** And I'm going to have you click on it and share your screen, but don't click on anything else until I ask you to do so, please.

**00:10:49.010 P1:** Okay.

**00:10:51.220 Moderator:** So you should see it in the chat now.

**00:10:55.050 P1:** Okay.

**00:10:57.660 Moderator:** Once you open it up, let me know.

**00:11:00.240 P1:** I clicked it. Oh, no, my computer's acting crazy. Lit. Oh. Are you still there?

**00:11:15.880 Moderator:** I'm still here.

**00:11:16.630 P1:** Okay, let me try again, because I clicked on it, and then my tab… it said… tab crashed, or something.

**00:11:23.170 Moderator:** Oh, no.

**00:11:24.610 P1:** Yeah, my computer. I don't know why I did that. So, it says Figma, but I don't… I don't see it yet. I don't… I mean, I see it up in the… the bar, but it's not opening.

**00:11:53.660 Moderator:** It may take a minute or so to load. I clicked on it, it loaded up for me, so… maybe try one more time, or you could also share your screen with me if you want, and I could see what you're seeing.

**00:12:10.750 P1:** Okay, where is… do I do that?

**00:12:14.120 Moderator:** The share screen is at the very bottom. You'll see, like, you'll see a mute button, a stop video, participants, chat, reactions, then share screen with an up arrow. It's green. Yep.

**00:12:30.470 P1:** Okay, so you see, I have it here, and it's in the… box, but it's not happening. No, I don't… Is that you?

**00:12:46.450 Moderator:** What I see right now is a black screen.

**00:12:49.520 P1:** Yeah, me too. That's what I just saw, and I said, is that you? No, okay. But it… you know, I don't know. I think it said I could use my phone as well. Maybe if I try… could I try getting on on my phone? It might work better. I don't know why… I have no idea why it's not coming up here.

**00:13:11.350 Moderator:** Yeah, let me send you… I'll try a new link. Let's see if a different link would work for you. Now, is it when… when it opened up the link, did it open it up in a new tab?

**00:13:28.330 P1:** Yeah, I have a new tab here, can you see it? But it's just nothing but a white screen.

**00:13:34.250 Moderator:** Okay. No.

**00:13:40.370 P1:** I don't know why… I don't know what… I don't need that.

**00:13:45.360 [Notetaker]:** I'm sorry, I may just have to adjust the settings in Figma. Apologies for that. Let me just double check on that.

**00:13:53.940 Moderator:** Yeah, I was… I was just… thanks, [Notetaker]. I was just looking at them as well, and it says that anyone can view.

**00:14:00.920 P1:** Hmm.

**00:14:10.450 Moderator:** So you just did… you know what? When… when you opened it up, [Redacted PII], did you see a picture, like, a little F, and it said Figma loading? Or it was just… it just went to a black screen completely?

**00:14:22.110 P1:** The first time it said the tab crashed, and then I opened it again, and it's just what you see right here. But I could try again. I mean, I could close these and try again.

**00:14:35.480 Moderator:** Okay, maybe… if you copy one of these links, if you just right-click it, and you could either copy the address and open it up in a new tab, or…

**00:14:47.330 P1:** Like… I'll try that. Yeah, I'll see how that works.

**00:14:58.010 P1:** Okay, black screen. minute. No… I don't know what Google's trying to say back here. Use your Google account. It's trying to make me sign in with Google. I guess, should I say continue?

**00:15:23.270 Moderator:** Yeah, you can continue. Well… see, I still don't see anything. Maybe, you know what, would you mind… if you stop sharing your screen for a sec, and then…

**00:15:39.620 P1:** Okay. I stopped.

**00:15:41.450 Moderator:** Now… okay, thank you. Now, if you try sharing your screen again, and when you go to share screen, select the screen that your browser is in, that you're looking at, where it's asking you to log in.

**00:15:57.710 P1:** Okay. I think I picked the right one.

**00:16:04.490 [Notetaker]:** [Redacted PII], I did send a new link to the prototype in the chat.

**00:16:08.740 P1:** So you see where it's saying, use Google? Do you see that?

**00:16:13.710 Moderator:** No, it stopped sharing, [Redacted PII]. Sorry about that.

**00:16:17.660 P1:** Oh, gosh, okay.

**00:16:19.730 Moderator:** Sorry about that.

**00:16:22.450 P1:** Okay, so should we start over and try the new link?

**00:16:23.300 Moderator:** Yeah, [Notetaker] just put a new link in the chat. Let's see if that one works.

**00:16:27.390 P1:** So hit the link first, or share first?

**00:16:30.120 Moderator:** Either or. You can hit the link or share.

**00:16:33.300 P1:** Okay, let's hit the link and see what happens. Okay, I'm going to share so you can see what's happening.

**00:16:42.400 Moderator:** Okay.

**00:16:43.090 P1:** Wow. If I can. Oh, what's that? Oh, but did I share the right screen? See, can you see where it says your tab just crashed?

**00:17:01.290 Moderator:** I cannot.

**00:17:03.150 P1:** Okay. Creation has stopped. Okay, okay. Let me… I'm going to hit share, then… Okay, now can you see that now? Where it says, your tab just crashed.

**00:17:29.410 Moderator:** No, it's only showing me a black screen. [Notetaker], can you see a black screen?

**00:17:36.120 [Notetaker]:** Yes, I am.

**00:17:37.190 P1:** I know I picked that tab!

**00:17:39.860 Moderator:** Okay, so here's… [Redacted PII], here's what I'm going to do. I am going to share my screen with you, and then I'm going to ask you some questions. Does that sound okay?

**00:17:50.940 P1:** Sure, so I should stop…

**00:17:52.520 Moderator:** Okay. Yeah, you can stop sharing your screen now. And I'm going to share mine with you. And I have it on a screen over here to my right, so I apologize if, when I'm speaking with you, I'm not looking right now.

**00:18:05.770 P1:** Okay, not a problem. So I'm trying to kind of close some of this other stuff so it doesn't get in the way. Okay.

**00:18:11.590 Moderator:** Okay. No. You let me know when you can see my screen.

**00:18:18.130 P1:** I see it.

**00:18:19.330 Moderator:** Great, okay. This is where I was trying to get you to. Alright, so… let me get my screen's situated here, so… again, this is a prototype. It may not work as you may expect, even though it looks like the actual website, so… and just a reminder, it's not going to affect any of your VA information. Alright, so first we're going to go into… here. Now…

**00:18:51.210 P1:** He tooth.

**00:18:52.140 Moderator:** T2. Feel free to speak out loud here as you're thinking through things. Tell me why you're thinking things. I'm going to ask you some questions. Now, tell me, can you tell me where in here… I would go, I'm going to scroll through, where you believe you would go to indicate whether you prefer to be seen by a male or female provider. I will scroll through here. And… you can let me know.

**00:19:41.170 Moderator:** Feel free.

**00:19:42.580 P1:** No.

**00:19:45.550 Moderator:** It's a bit harder when you're not the one scrolling, [Redacted PII], so don't worry.

**00:19:49.010 P1:** Even if I was scrolling, I'm looking at the tabs and what they say, and… I might go to appointments just because I'm seeing a provider, you know, but I wouldn't think anything about until I go there, if I'm going to find, you know, the type of provider I need to see, a female or a male.

**00:20:10.640 Moderator:** Okay, so you would think to… go into this area to click on one of these appointments, is that what you were saying?

**00:20:19.200 P1:** Well, if you're asking me, do I want to see a male or female for that particular appointment, then I would click there. But I'm thinking I would just go to appointments, maybe, if I wanted to set some parameters for who I would see. Or maybe manage all appointments, then I might be able to… you know, say, hey, for all appointments, I want a female. I mean, I don't know if that would work, but I don't think it would work.

**00:20:49.980 Moderator:** Okay. Alright, now… so, we can click on that.

**00:21:04.810 P1:** Damn.

**00:21:08.149 Moderator:** This is Manage All Appointments section. Now… why do you believe that you would find it in this section?

**00:21:17.000 P1:** Well, only because it deals with appointments, I guess. I mean, if I'm coming to see somebody, it's for an appointment, so… and I just didn't see anything that looked like it would give me the options to pick if I wanted to see a female or a male, so…

**00:21:35.160 Moderator:** I'm going to scroll through here, and you can tell me if there's any place else that you would click.

**00:21:39.590 P1:** Okay. Now, I might, and if I'm coming on here to make an appointment, I probably would do start scheduling at the top, I mean… I mean, it looks like, to me, I would have to tell them what I want to see before I can decide if I want to see a male or a female. I'm not seeing any other options.

**00:22:22.920 Moderator:** Now, if we go back… is there any other place in here that you would expect to find this information? Or where you could put your information?

**00:22:37.510 P1:** Oh… I, I know, no, I don't know where I would find that information or request that information.

**00:22:48.960 Moderator:** Okay.

**00:22:51.880 P1:** Am I… should I know? Should it be jumping out at me?

**00:22:55.440 Moderator:** Nope. Nope. No, the purpose of this is to find out where you think it should be. So, we're going through… we want to make sure that we're creating a product that is intuitive for those who read it.

**00:23:10.560 P1:** Yes, if there was going to be that kind of thing, I would expect to see something that maybe said your appointment profile, that you could create. Solely. You could show them what you want, I mean, if that's something. I honestly, you know, unless I'm going to see a female, a gynecologist, I'm not even going to worry about that, you know, as a male or female provider, but… if other people are concerned about that, I would think they'd have, like, a profile you could set up so you can… it can be… in there with all your other information that they already have, like your social and your birthday and all of that stuff. Could just be in there.

**00:23:53.590 Moderator:** Okay, so there is a profile section.

**00:23:55.900 P1:** Yeah, yeah, I don't know, I didn't see exactly where you went to get there, but…

**00:23:59.870 Moderator:** That is up here, when you click on your name. My VA, My HealthyVet, and Profile. Yeah.

**00:24:08.090 P1:** On your name, okay, okay, that makes sense. That's good.

**00:24:09.640 Moderator:** This sounds like the area that you were referring to.

**00:24:13.460 P1:** Yeah.

**00:24:14.920 Moderator:** Okay. Is there a place in here.

**00:24:16.970 P1:** That's.

**00:24:17.380 Moderator:** I mean?

**00:24:18.390 P1:** It could be, contact… history… Maybe healthcare settings. That, that makes sense, I think.

**00:24:28.350 Moderator:** Okay. Alright. Well, that's… we appreciate that feedback for here. This section, we can't click through, because again, this is a prototype, but… we're noting that, that that's where you believe that information would be. Thanks, [Redacted PII].

**00:24:46.310 P1:** Oh, no problem.

**00:24:47.940 Moderator:** Alright, now I'm going to bring you somewhere else.

**00:24:51.010 P1:** Okay.

**00:24:56.760 Moderator:** So, similar to the last time, please think out loud as you… as I scroll through this page, and back up again, and… think about what you're… you can tell me what you're seeing, and what you think it all means.

**00:25:24.130 P1:** Hmm. So this one makes more sense with the question you asked, because it looks like I can provide preferences.

**00:25:38.360 Moderator:** What do you think… oh, I'm sorry, go ahead.

**00:25:40.190 P1:** And the question is there, do you prefer a male or female provider? So, that's pretty easy to… just edit it, I guess, and put whatever I want to put.

**00:25:53.440 Moderator:** Now, what do you think the purpose, the main purpose of this whole page is?

**00:25:59.480 P1:** It looks like the purpose of this page is to set my preferences, so I, if possible, I can get what I want. I can see who I prefer to see, maybe.

**00:26:11.260 Moderator:** Alright, so we're going to start with contact preferences. Now… what do you expect to see when I click edit?

**00:26:25.080 P1:** I expected to say, do you want to be text, do you want to be emailed? Do you want to be called? And I'm going to pick one, that's what I expect to see. And… yeah. Kind of like, what's my favorite, and I can pick, or I can say no preference.

**00:26:47.550 Moderator:** Now… when one of these is selected, what do you expect to happen?

**00:26:55.770 P1:** Well, what I expect is, if they have to reach out to me, that's the way they're going to do it first. I mean, if I don't respond, maybe they'll do something else, but… or if I say no preference, I expect that they'll just do the one that is best for them.

**00:27:15.050 Moderator:** Thank you.

**00:27:22.610 Moderator:** There we go. Now, what do you expect to see when you click edit under, when do you want us to contact you to schedule your appointments?

**00:27:35.890 P1:** I guess they're asking me what time of day is best for me, you know, maybe around my work schedule, morning, midday, afternoon. I guess that's what they're going to have there. Okay, either no preference, or I can select the times I want to be contacted, days and times.

**00:27:55.040 Moderator:** Yep. Now, if we were to select days and times to be contacted, what would you expect to see?

**00:28:02.640 P1:** I would expect it'll have the days that they're open, and the hours I can pick, like morning, midday, afternoon, evening, something like that, I guess. Right, morning, afternoon, okay, each day it's either morning or afternoon. Okay.

**00:28:27.540 Moderator:** Now… is there anything about this that you would change?

**00:28:36.640 P1:** I guess… I would like hours versus morning and afternoon, because morning could be 7 to 10, 7 to 12, afternoon could be… 1 to 2, or 1 to 4, I don't know. So, I'd rather Monday, 8 to 11, and 12 to 4. So, you know, it's between those hours.

**00:29:07.760 Moderator:** Right. Understood, thank you. How would you expect VA to utilize this information?

**00:29:15.020 P1:** Oh, well, I'd expect if they're going to contact me, they'd check this first, and I'm a morning person, so they're going to call in the morning. Or vice versa.

**00:29:28.050 Moderator:** Do you believe it will help VA to have this information?

**00:29:31.830 P1:** Yeah, yeah, if they use it, it would help, yeah.

**00:29:39.580 Moderator:** Do you think this preference should apply to all medical appointments, or would you make different decisions based upon each appointment or type of care?

**00:29:53.470 P1:** I don't know, I think… in… it'd be good to just have a basic profile, but, you know, some things are more important than others, so if it's something that's important and serious, I wouldn't… I maybe want them to get in contact with me as soon as possible, so… I guess for just general appointments and most general stuff, it would be fine. It would be good because, you know, maybe people work or whatever, so they know when they can answer the phone.

**00:30:32.560 Moderator:** Thank you. I'm going to go back now to… this screen here. And now we're going to go to, do you want help scheduling your appointments? What would you expect to find here?

**00:30:54.260 P1:** I don't know. Maybe a phone number. If you want help, call this number, maybe a chat box. I hope not, but I don't know. So, if I say yes… I don't know what I get. You know, how do they help me?

**00:31:21.760 Moderator:** Now… so you're expect… let me rephrase the question. Do you expect something to happen if you select yes? Do you expect VA to do anything?

**00:31:35.510 P1:** Well, as I'm looking at this, I… I don't… I don't think I expected immediately, but maybe if it's in my profile. If I say no preference, what do I get? I'm not sure what the help is, I guess.

**00:31:56.620 Moderator:** Okay. Thank you. Do you expect that this question would be in particular to a specific appointment, or would you think that this question would be applicable to your overall appointments?

**00:32:18.200 P1:** I think it looks like it's a general question for my overall appointments. Alright. I think.

**00:32:28.560 Moderator:** Thank you. Now… are going to go… to the next question. When do you want your… when do you want to go to your appointments? What do you expect to find here?

**00:32:42.930 P1:** I think it might be something like the other one that has the weeks and the time, I mean, the days, maybe Monday, and the break is into morning and afternoon, or particular hours. Yes, either no preference or select days and times, and I assume it's like the other question.

**00:33:06.990 Moderator:** Thanks.

**00:33:11.400 P1:** Yeah. And I still think I would like hours better than just morning and afternoon.

**00:33:19.600 Moderator:** Is there anything else that you would change about this?

**00:33:23.600 P1:** No, I think it's good to save through the profile, I mean…

**00:33:29.560 Moderator:** Bye.

**00:33:40.010 Moderator:** Now I'm, provider preferences. What would you expect under… when we click edit, under the do you prefer male or female provider?

**00:33:51.350 P1:** I expect it's going to give me the option to pick one or the other. Or, no preference. Yeah.

**00:34:04.270 Moderator:** Now… how do you expect VA to utilize this information?

**00:34:11.969 P1:** I assume that if they have the… the… providers that they will give me the preference I prefer. And if they don't, that they would probably notify me that they just don't have that particular… provider in that particular field. That's what I would guess.

**00:34:34.139 Moderator:** Do you believe it would be helpful for VA to have this information on hand?

**00:34:38.560 P1:** Sure, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I figure they can… if they have the information, they can at least try to make it happen.

**00:34:49.130 Moderator:** Do you think this preference should apply to all of your medical appointments, or would you make different decisions based upon each appointment or type of care?

**00:35:02.220 P1:** You know, for me, I… it really… I don't care that much. I mean… I want the… I want the best doctor, so I don't care if this… if the best doctor is a male, I'd prefer to have that. So, but I know that certain types of appointments can be kind of more sensitive, and all I know is for a female, if you're talking about gynecological issues, they might want to say, I prefer a female. So… but, you know, if it's just in general, I don't know that it matters all that much.

**00:35:43.900 Moderator:** Would it be more helpful to you to have a general preference, or a preference associated with individual appointments and care types?

**00:35:58.070 P1:** For me, I think it would be… I would prefer it for care types. I mean, I'm not saying it's bad to just have a general preference, but I probably would just say no preference, so…

**00:36:14.810 Moderator:** Thanks, [Redacted PII]. Now, last question on this page here. What would you expect to see when you click Edit under, do you want help choosing your provider?

**00:36:28.910 P1:** I guess I can change my choice, but I still don't know what it means. I guess that will mean that now I can choose my provider, because in the past, when I came into the VA, I wasn't able to, so I guess maybe I'm thinking now I have a choice, maybe I can… you know, they'll show me who I can choose. But again, I'm… if they're saying, do I want help, is that saying you're going to give me a list? Or… because what I would want, I guess, is to be able to choose my provider. I don't want help doing it, I just want to be able to do it.

**00:37:21.790 Moderator:** So, let me repeat back what I think I'm hearing is. You're saying you don't understand what the word help means in this context. You don't know what kind of help they're offering to provide, does that make sense? Like, is it help? They're going to give you some information? Or is it help, they're going to make a call for you?

**00:37:40.270 P1:** Yeah, I don't know what that means.

**00:37:42.830 Moderator:** Okay, that's good. Thank you. Thank you for that feedback. Is there anything you would change about this?

**00:37:53.290 P1:** I make it clear so I know what they mean. I don't know if they're saying, is there some way they can help me, or am I going to get to choose from a list of providers?

**00:38:07.830 Moderator:** Alright. Now, overall, what's your impression of the scheduling preferences page? And this is the scheduling preferences page.

**00:38:20.010 P1:** So, overall impression of this page. I like it. I like the idea. I mean, I like the concept of being able, especially to put in times where it's more likely you'll be able to answer the phone, or times you'll be more likely to make an appointment. I think that is probably the more important stuff on the page. But I like them trying to give you more choices, I mean, because a lot of times, I think with the government, you can feel like, I don't have a choice, I just go to who they send me to, and, you know, I do what they say, basically. So I think it's kind of giving you some more choices here.

**00:39:06.480 Moderator:** Is there anything you'd add or remove?

**00:39:09.760 P1:** I mean, I just make the ones we talked about a little more clear. I don't… I just don't understand what it, you know, like I said, what it means when it says, do you want me to help you find a provider, or help you do this? I don't know if that, you know, means I'm going to give you a list, I'm going to use some kind of AI, I'm not sure.

**00:39:32.110 Moderator:** Yeah, making… defining help. Making that more clear of what you're actually getting.

**00:39:37.900 P1:** Yeah.

**00:39:40.610 Moderator:** If you could change one thing about this page, what would it be?

**00:39:45.780 Moderator:** I think I know, but…

**00:39:49.370 P1:** Pretty much, I mean, just the things I've made, you're right. I don't know that there's… I mean, I'm kind of a really literal person, so I… whatever they say, I need to know exactly what it means. I would… I would put times instead of morning and afternoon, I would put whatever hours they're open for that, 8 to 12, whatever it is, I would put that. 8 a.m. to, you know… And I'll just be super clear. Do you want help choosing a provider? I… maybe, if you're going to tell me something about the provider so I can make a choice, are you going to tell me what this one's good at, and what that one's good at, that kind of help.

**00:40:36.320 Moderator:** So would you agree that you would appreciate simple, clear language?

**00:40:41.110 P1:** Absolutely, yeah.

**00:40:42.700 Moderator:** Okay. Thank you. So, if you had any questions about updating these preferences, what would you do next? Who would you contact?

**00:40:54.880 P1:** I'd probably try to scroll to the bottom and look for a contact area and see if there was a person I could call. Contact us, yeah.

**00:41:03.600 Moderator:** Yep. Alright. Thank you for that.

**00:41:08.780 P1:** So…

**00:41:10.180 Moderator:** We are done with this prototype now, so I'm going to stop my screen sharing.

**00:41:15.630 P1:** Okay. Yeah, I'm sorry about my computer issues.

**00:41:20.420 Moderator:** Apologies. No. We got some good feedback from you with me sharing, so… no worries at all.

**00:41:30.620 P1:** Okay.

**00:41:31.740 Moderator:** So, do you have any questions for me before we close this session?

**00:41:39.260 P1:** I don't know, I don't… I don't think I've done a session with you guys before. I've gotten a bunch of emails about it, so I'm not sure about how or when the compensation comes.

**00:41:52.370 Moderator:** Okay, that's a great question. So our… the people who sent you the email, Perigean, will circle back with you with that information, and I can make a note to let them know that you weren't sure about it.

**00:42:09.160 P1:** Okay. Yeah, I've been actually trying to qualify for one, but this is the first one I wasn't even able to qualify for.

**00:42:24.020 Moderator:** Well, we're happy to have you in this session. Thanks. Thanks for the feedback that you provided.

**00:42:29.530 P1:** Not a problem.

**00:42:31.640 Moderator:** Now, I want to circle back and reconfirm that you're comfortable if we were to share a video clip of this session with our VA partners.

**00:42:38.760 P1:** I'm absolutely confident with it.

**00:42:41.720 Moderator:** Okay, thank you. Just to remind you, we'll remove all the information that can be used to identify you before sharing. And we'll only share videos with our VA partners with the purpose of improving VA.gov and other digital experiences. Okay. So, is there any part of this that you would not want shared in a video clip?

**00:43:01.280 P1:** I don't care. You can even show my face if you want, I don't…

**00:43:06.370 Moderator:** All right. Well, [Redacted PII], thank you so much. We really, really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today. Alright. Your feedback is really helpful to us as we continue to work on the site, and make sure it really works for veterans. Really appreciate the feedback that you gave us.

**00:43:23.980 P1:** Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Pain points that you have, yeah.

**00:43:25.570 Moderator:** And, you know, lastly, Perigean will be sending you a thank you note with a little blurb that you can pass on to other veterans that you may know, and provide them with the chance to participate in future research studies. Okay. Thank you so much again, and enjoy the rest of your day.

**00:43:43.850 P1:** Alright, you too. Bye-bye.

**00:43:46.040 Moderator:** Take care. Bye now.
