# Participant 



00:00:03.820 **Moderator 2:** Okay.

00:00:04.390 **P2:** Give me consent again?

00:00:06.390 **Moderator 2:** Yes.

00:00:07.380 **P2:** I consent to having this recorded.

00:00:10.550 **Moderator 2:** Okay, thank you so much for that. So, before we start with the prototype, I'm just going to ask you a few questions about your past experiences with having VA staff schedule your healthcare appointments with you, or whether you used the self-scheduling tool on VA.gov.

00:00:42.940 **P2:** I had experience with this scheduling, too. And… the problem is, sometimes it put me in a… I ask for a certain clinic, and I get the… misplaced clinic. And they call me back, say they got the request, but it did come to the proper clinic. And they asked me to contact them directly. And here's their number to request it. I've been doing it through our call center. It's very difficult to try to get an online appointment in the regional area I'm living in, because there's 3 regional VAs. I don't think that exists in any other area of the country. And so… we basically have two VAs we could schedule with, so central scheduling, and another VA, which is separate. I still went in [Readacted PII] but under a different VIN system. So we've got two systems here. And it gets very… They collaborate, but it gets… they do see the same database, so it's not as bad as it was in the past. Because we had two VIN… In my city. It doesn't exist like that elsewhere in the country.

00:02:19.660 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so the self-scheduling tool, are you referring to that one on VA.gov?

00:02:25.710 **P2:** Yes. Okay. It doesn't work… And I have very limited… anything, so the easiest thing is just… call the central scheduling number.

00:02:38.090 **Moderator 2:** Okay. Can you tell me about the last time — was there ever an appointment that the VA staff scheduler scheduled for you?

00:02:52.430 **P2:** Good. Last week. I schedule everything through the scheduling appointment, unless it has to specifically go to that clinic to schedule from that clinic.

00:03:07.710 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so when you say that, does a VA staff scheduler have to schedule that appointment for you specifically? You cannot do it on the self-scheduling, is that correct?

00:03:19.830 **P2:** A lot of it you can't.

00:03:21.830 **Moderator 2:** Okay. Do you know the reason why?

00:03:24.920 **P2:** They told me… They're still in the pilot phase, and we're a mega city. We have over 9 million people, but out of the 9 million, we figure at least a half a million plus veterans. They're just overwhelmed by volume. You know, so people that don't come from a big region have a… They don't understand it. And it's… and it schedules for the central scheduling, and when I try to do the software like everybody else in the nonprofit sector, it works, but it doesn't work in the system the VA set up. That's cool. I mean, when I do scheduling with… other than the VA system, most of the time, I could do it online. And… but it's just the way the VA's set up. You know, and one time I tried to schedule a respiratory appointment. It went to the [Redacted PII] You know, the local clinic to schedule me for respiratory, but they don't do respiratory. Only the main hospital does respiratory care.

00:05:02.100 **Moderator 2:** Okay, now going back to the time where you had a staff member schedule an appointment with you — was the appointment made in real time, or…

00:05:13.050 **P2:** Yeah, real, real time… Calling the airlines for real, and you actually don't have to wait 2 hours to get through.

00:05:21.840 **Moderator 2:** What did you like or dislike about having a VA scheduler make the appointment for you?

00:05:29.880 **P2:** I love it. It's… I'm an old-fashioned person, look at my demographic, I'm over 60  So, I came from an era where you actually have to call a person and confirm to a person, and they have to write it in the appointment. I didn't come from an era where everything was done through electronic means. Like, now. I mean, I remember I used to have to go to focus group. I had to be physically there, or be on a telephone conference call. And now, since the pandemic. This is a time when they talk to people on the video. I don't even do that.

00:06:31.830 **Moderator 2:** So, [Redacted PII], when the VA scheduler was speaking to you over the phone, do you feel like they had enough information to adequately—

00:06:46.560 **P2:** Yeah, they used the last 4 of your social security number and your name, and they pull you up. If they need to confirm, they will ask you what's your address, or other supplementary information, to just make sure it's you. And from what I found out, there's quite a few people with my name. Sometimes they get confused, and they go by address, then they go by birth confirmation.

00:07:13.430 **Moderator 2:** Has there ever been a chance where the VA scheduler made an appointment for you, and they either texted you or emailed you and told you that an appointment was made for you?

00:07:27.750 **P2:** Never text. Usually a return… a real time call. And that's it. And then if they made the appointment and you didn't consent to the time… With diagnostics, sometimes they make the appointment first, then they call you, and if the time is no good, you call them back and reschedule it.

00:07:54.860 **Moderator 2:** But most of the time, they did not do appointments with you while consulting what your schedule is?

00:08:03.680 **P2:** Very rarely, only diagnostic does that.

00:08:07.180 **Moderator 2:** Only diagnostic. What information would have helped the VA scheduler to have on hand when making that diagnostic appointment? What would you have liked for them to—

00:08:19.030 **P2:** Time preference. Are you… Like, late appointments or afternoon appointments. And I prefer between Tuesday through Thursday. My baby should put primers down, and the only reason I go in there Monday and Friday is where I live — specialty clinics are only conducted maybe one day during the month, or during the week, or every few weeks, on a Monday or Friday. So there's a lot of specialty things I can't do between Tuesdays and Thursdays. I found that out.

00:09:01.440 **Moderator 2:** So besides time and day of the week, what other information would be helpful for the schedulers to have on hand? What else would…

00:09:15.960 **P2:** Make sure they have a return call number on site. Just in case you get a bad connection, which has happened a lot, depending if you use the cell system, or you have a Wi-Fi system, or you have an Ethernet system, it all depends. You know, I try to do everything through… I'm old-fashioned. I'm used to a wired system. You know, it has to be like a landline. And, you know, people say, why? Because I won't have to worry about my data dropping, my call getting interrupted, like a Wi-Fi system. And… Yeah, I said, you know, I told other people what happened for the era of Wi-Fi communication. You know? I still have people fax information to me. Instead of going through 5 minutes of uploading everything to send me, just fax it, and it takes another minute to get your data. But people don't use fax machines at all, basically. Unless it's… well, you know why, but I have people that still have it, that write a lot. And we fax each other stuff, because it's easier than uploading.

00:11:01.949 **Moderator 2:** Great. So I'm just going to ask you a few more questions. What does… if I say the term self-scheduling, what does that mean to you?

00:11:01.950 **P2:** That means it's like self-care. Self-service. It's like going to the airport when you check in yourself instead of going through a person. Airport check-ins — unless there's something wrong with your confirmation code, or you need accessory service, you could do everything through a check-in kiosk. They used to be able to check in through the kiosk at the VA. They dismantled it. I don't know why.

00:11:32.920 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, and you… did you like that kiosk?

00:11:35.430 **P2:** It would work for the purpose, and it worked great during the pandemic, because no one wants to see anyone to get contaminated. And it's even worse going to the hospital during the pandemic for me, because I'm afraid. You know, I've been contaminated over 4 times, but lucky I was vaccinated before the contamination ``. I can imagine if I wasn't vaccinated.

00:12:02.640 **Moderator 2:** So, going back to self-scheduling, you had mentioned that you prefer calling a VA scheduler to help.

00:12:10.130 **P2:** No, I prefer self-scheduling, because I'm used to it. If the system is not effective, not up-to-date, then I prefer a call center system. You know, not everybody could text the police yet. You know, they can't trace your… they could trace your number. But they can't trace your location, and numbers are not geographically confined. Your phone number doesn't have to correspond physically to where you are. Think about it.

00:13:00.850 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, you're right about that. In terms of — have you ever submitted an appointment request online? Do you remember doing that?

00:13:08.290 **P2:** Yeah, I told you I submitted a respiratory appointment. They gave it to the [Redacted PII] VA  for a respiratory appointment, and they got it. And they told me they'd been getting stuff for the respiratory department. And they called me to have me call them directly, or get hold of them directly. Because they got the appointment. Okay. They couldn't redirect it. They physically called me, told me to call the Central Call Center, or called the office themselves and rescheduled. So, you know, it's not like an email when someone gets a wrong email and you forward it to the proper party. Doesn't work that way.

00:14:03.350 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so is that overall experience — does it usually work for you, or…

00:14:08.050 **P2:** Yeah. It can be improved. And bring it up to date. It's been improved — you know, I check in by text. I have an appointment this Wednesday and they texted me 2 days before to check me in. You know, which is great if you're electronically inclined, and you like texting. But the demographic of the VAs — everybody's collecting Social Security, and they're older than me. I'm already 63 and everybody that uses it is older than me, 10 years.

00:14:53.020 **Moderator 2:** Wow, I never would have guessed your age.

00:14:53.020 **P2:** Whoa, I don't lie about my age. But… compared to other veterans, I don't look frail and that sick, but I'm very disabled . It's a… you can't tell. Yeah. It's not like someone that got their arms amputated. It's not a visual impairment. It's an internal impairment.

00:15:21.040 **Moderator 2:** They call it an invisible disability.

00:15:24.090 **P2:** A lot of it — people with heart condition. People with asthma. People with allergies. So, you know, if they're not coughing or hacking, they're right, but… you know, so a lot of people have a lot of inside disability that's not visual. Unless you know the person, you're totally clueless.

00:15:46.810 **Moderator 2:** You're absolutely right. So [Redacted PII], what I'm gonna do now is thank you very much for answering all those questions. That's excellent insight that you've given us, thank you. So we're moving on to the prototype now, so I'm gonna send a link to the prototype. I'm gonna ask you to click on it, and then share your screen. Do you know how to share your screen here?

00:16:12.310 **P2:** No, because I'm still old-fashioned. Conference call. And I know you could put a PowerPoint on it, you could put videos on it. But unless I really have to learn it for work, I don't bother learning it. That's what my people my age told me. If I don't need it for work and I don't have to learn it, I don't bother learning it. Because I still could get hold of someone in a different way. And you know, I told people — I don't understand why they ripped all the landlines out of the system. Because I like landlines. It works during a blackout. You can't charge your cell phone during a power outage. How do you get it working? And people say, it really worked? I say a landline worked during a power outage. That's how ancient I am.

00:17:13.759 **Moderator 2:** You're not ancient.

00:17:16.879 **P2:** Well, the people I deal with, it's like… how could you function not being able to get hold of each other instantaneously? You go to their place physically and knock on their door. There's no other way around it.

00:17:28.270 **Moderator 2:** So, [Redacted PII], I'm gonna ask you to look down. Are you using a desktop or a laptop?

00:17:35.950 **P2:** Laptop.

00:17:36.950 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so if you see down on your toolbar, you see a little green box with an arrow pointing up. Do you see that?

00:17:48.370 **P2:** Share?

00:17:50.530 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, do you see that screen? Yeah. Okay. And do you also see about two icons over, to your left? It says…

00:18:01.850 **P2:** Trash.

00:18:02.790 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, I want you to click on the chat. I've just sent you…

00:18:09.250 **P2:** Alright, yeah. I didn't see… there's nothing there. It's a message to everybody. I have no message. I know how to use the chat system. I just haven't figured out the live video presentation and some of the PowerPoints, and how to put YouTube on it. And how to put music on it. Also, I'm not 18 years old, and I'm not trying to be a social media influencer. That's a highlight of the younger people now, they tell me all this.

00:18:52.770 **Moderator 2:** Apologies for that. So, you should see the link in there now. Yeah.

00:18:57.190 **P2:** Figma… Figma.com. Hey, click on it.

00:19:02.790 **Moderator 2:** Yes, and then share your screen. After you click on it, I need you to go back to share your screen.

00:19:09.480 **P2:** Alright.

00:19:14.860 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so once you click on it and you share your screen, don't click anything on the prototype — share your screen for me. And I don't see your screen yet.

00:19:26.070 **P2:** Alright, I'm trying to share it. Remember, I'm technologically deliberate because I don't have to learn it for anybody. You see?

00:19:43.280 **Moderator 2:** Yes, now, if you can go back to the chat… And then… Click on the link again.

00:19:52.940 **P2:** Go on the chat. And…

00:19:56.880 **Moderator 2:** Zoom. It should be to your right. You might be on your right-hand side. Do you see it?

00:20:04.800 **P2:** Hit new chat. Is it going in?

00:20:09.640 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, it's doing it now, thank you, that's perfect.

00:20:13.810 **P2:** See, I'm illiterate. And then… do nothing else.

00:20:20.460 **Moderator 2:** So you can go ahead and click Continue as [Redacted PII], or… yeah, that's fine. Yeah, that's my website for my…

00:20:31.250 **P2:** School program. I don't know why it gets into my personal… it seems to override it. Wha… So, put my name in it.

00:20:45.700 **Moderator 2:** Yes, that's fine. Your first name is fine.

00:20:54.180 **P2:** This is the first time actually doing this. I'm lazy. What do you do to work?

00:20:59.480 **Moderator 2:** Oh, I apologize, I'm asking you to go — can you X out of that and click on this… just X out of that one? Yes, right that tab, and go back and click on the link.

00:21:13.710 **P2:** Alright, alright, alright, let me… Okay, let me close it down. I'm trying to close it down.

00:21:24.420 **Moderator 2:** Or, let's see, maybe you can go… Okay, I closed it. If you can click where it says the X there…

00:21:34.430 **P2:** Okay…

00:21:35.250 **Moderator 2:** Okay, great. We're perfect now. Thank you. Apologies for that.

00:21:39.410 **P2:** No, at least you know enough to instruct me.

00:21:44.310 **Moderator 2:** So, it's prompting you again. Maybe if you can go to the other tab again, where it says Dual Act Concept Testing Prototype? Yeah, click on that tab. Okay, great.

00:21:56.910 **P2:** Yay.

00:21:57.420 **Moderator 2:** X out of that, where you see the X — if you can X out of that, let's see if that works.

00:22:05.310 **P2:** X out of which one? There's two tabs.

00:22:07.510 **Moderator 2:** Signing into Figma with Google. Can you X out of that?

00:22:11.680 **P2:** Huh?

00:22:13.210 **Moderator 2:** Where it says — do you have a little tab showing you, right there, Sign into Figma with Google? Do you see that?

00:22:21.510 **P2:** Yes.

00:22:22.620 **Moderator 2:** X out of that. Just… no, no, don't X out of that.

00:22:28.910 **P2:** Oh, God. Let me see, it goes back. It keeps going to what you're named.

00:22:38.180 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, X out of this, and let's go back to the Zoom chat and click on the link again.

00:22:46.290 **P2:** Okay.

00:22:51.970 **Moderator 2:** And I think it should be on your right-hand side. Perfect.

00:23:02.100 **P2:** It's still going to "What's Your Name?"

00:23:04.130 **Moderator 2:** I think we made the mistake, so just X out of that and go back to the first tab. Yeah, just okay.

00:23:12.510 **P2:** The first tab says the same thing.

00:23:14.870 **Moderator 2:** Yeah.

00:23:17.740 **P2:** You wanna try again?

00:23:19.780 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, let's see… yeah.

00:23:22.080 **P2:** It's still going to "What's Your Name."

00:23:24.000 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, okay. So what I'm gonna do is, I'm going to actually share my screen.

00:23:32.870 **P2:** Boom. What's my name?

00:23:35.530 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, why don't you go ahead and X out of that?

00:23:40.120 **P2:** Okay. And I'm gonna share my screen, and I'm gonna share the prototype with you.

00:24:04.030 **Moderator 2:** Okay, can you see my screen?

00:24:07.370 **P2:** Hmm… no. Let me… Okay, let me see. I'll… let me reset it from… right now I'm on… I was gonna try to set it up on other modes right now. I'm on Gallery.

00:24:37.090 **Moderator 2:** Can you click on Zoom, just the regular Zoom…

00:24:45.400 **P2:** I'm on regular Zoom right now.

00:24:48.000 **Moderator 2:** And you can't see my screen — that it says there's a prototype with T2 and T3, you don't see that? Okay, okay, let me stop sharing.

00:25:03.230 **Moderator 2:** If you can go back to the Zoom… yeah, great.

00:25:08.000 **P2:** Alright. I'm sharing screen. And while I see you on Zoom… Oh, I found it! Found the scheduling again. With the chat box. Okay, now… It's actually [Moderator] has started screen share.

00:25:32.180 **Moderator 2:** Yes, okay.

00:25:33.150 **P2:** And I see T2T3 on the screen.

00:25:36.580 **Moderator 2:** Yes, excellent. Okay, so now what I'm gonna ask you to do is… Click on here. And once I click to the page, I'm going to ask you to read out loud. So, here we are. So we're on this page, I'm going to ask you to think out loud, and tell me where to scroll, and just direct me as if you were scrolling yourself. Yeah.

00:26:06.530 **P2:** I'm directing… I can't read it because the phone is too small for me.

00:26:09.870 **Moderator 2:** It's too small. Let's see…

00:26:14.510 **P2:** I mean… and I'm not on a touchscreen where I could expand the photo. You understand, this is… Yeah, it's not like a phone where I could expand the photo. I can barely read it. Let me take a look. Claim… for compensation received June… 2nd or 7th, 2024. That's all I see.

00:26:46.200 **Moderator 2:** Perfect. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna ask you to indicate where you would — if you wanted to be seen by a male or female provider — where would you add something like that? So I'm gonna walk you through the site.

00:27:16.630 **P2:** I'd probably have to add it… Mmm, I see the site where they tell you everything. You probably have to add it under… Okay. You wouldn't add it? What do you want to add, you said?

00:27:36.840 **Moderator 2:** Where — or actually, you know what, I'm gonna ask you to indicate how you want a scheduler to contact you. Where would you add that?

00:27:48.970 **P2:** On the message. Put the messaging. Click it on.

00:27:58.800 **Moderator 2:** Where on this page would you find that?

00:28:02.470 **P2:** Right there. Three… go to inbox… And… you know, you could set up… some organizations set up an automatic reply box. So, you put it under in… message… Appointment, right?

00:28:26.460 **Moderator 2:** Yeah, so you would go to Messages.

00:28:31.680 **P2:** Yeah, because everybody knows messages are used to communicate. And sometimes when you click into messages, it said above the message, chat… or other stuff. You know, it depends on the organization that set it up.

00:28:55.260 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so if you wanted a scheduler to contact you to schedule medical appointments, you would go to Messages, and that's where you would add those preferences, is that what you're saying?

00:29:10.340 **P2:** Yes.

00:29:11.150 **Moderator 2:** Is there any other place that you could think of?

00:29:14.550 **P2:** The very beginning of the first web screen, whatever they call it, app screen, web screen. You could put a little thing, like they do in financial places. Speak to an advisor, or… Immediate, or… if you don't want to go electronically, what it does is they call you. You click it, you call them directly instead of using your text or messaging system.

00:30:03.949 **Moderator 2:** On this screen, though, where would you go if you were by yourself going through the screen?

00:30:03.950 **P2:** Hey, it would be… On the screen? Hmm. I would put it under My VA. Go to your profile. Yeah, My VA, and put a little… a tick box that says, call us. And hopefully redirect it to your regional VA.

00:31:37.599 **Moderator 2:** Alright, so we clicked on Profile. And we're in Profile, and I'm just gonna have you look through here and let me know where you would want…

00:31:44.190 **P2:** Right above [Redacted PII]'s name. In Profile, have a chat box, or… and in Profile, put chat… or put… "call us." Usually they have chat right there.

00:32:02.420 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so you would put it there. I'm just gonna scroll down this page, and you'll let me know if anything else on this page looks like it would be an option.

00:32:14.530 **P2:** Hmm… Email… no. Mmm… Email, text, no… You could put it under Feedback, next to Feedback.

00:32:35.610 **Moderator 2:** You would put it under Feedback, okay?

00:32:39.050 **P2:** Yeah.

00:32:40.140 **Moderator 2:** And nothing else on this page that you would consider?

00:32:44.540 **P2:** No, usually they either put it on top, say chat, as soon as you click into the first screen. That's how it knows… and it does it as a pop-up. You know, it will pop up, say, chat, as a pop-up. Okay. And if you move along, it still pops up. That's how I see how other people do it.

00:33:09.750 **Moderator 2:** Oh, pop-up. Okay, great. Thank you for that. So now we're gonna go through a different page. And once I click on there again, I'm gonna ask you just to take a look at it. If you can just read it — read the first page, read the title, and let me know what you think of this page.

00:33:33.720 **P2:** Yes, I like the page.

00:33:35.910 **Moderator 2:** Okay, and is this… would this be a good option for you to indicate where you'd like a scheduler to contact you?

00:33:46.930 **P2:** Yeah, chat, or whatever. Yeah.

00:33:50.800 **Moderator 2:** Chat. Okay, I'm just gonna scroll down, and you just take a look at what this says.

00:34:02.430 **P2:** That's good.

00:34:05.930 **Moderator 2:** Okay, and we're gonna go to the first card, and it says, "What's the best way to contact you to schedule your appointments?" So I'm gonna click on that. Tell me what you think about this. Is this what you expected to see?

00:34:28.840 **P2:** Yeah, and hit scroll down on Select and see how I could contact you. All right.

00:34:39.960 **Moderator 2:** What do you think of these options here?

00:34:42.940 **P2:** Very good.

00:34:44.270 **Moderator 2:** Is there anything that's missing here?

00:34:47.659 **P2:** Mmm. Hit chat?

00:34:55.050 **Moderator 2:** Okay, you'd like a chat here?

00:34:59.680 **P2:** Yeah. Why? Because I noticed when I've been going to a lot of commercial sites, first thing that pops up — not even the first message — there's a chat box. And it's a… and that's why I noticed. They want you to use the AI chat box. To pre-screen you. Instead of a normal run-down on a clickdown — I don't know what to call it.

00:35:36.450 **Moderator 2:** Why do you find this would be helpful for you? What do you think?

00:35:43.190 **P2:** It will help — be helpful for people that are not used to pop-up technology. You know, the chat boxes pop up. I know that pops up.

00:35:54.550 **Moderator 2:** So in terms of the contact preferences, how would you feel this would be helpful for a VA scheduler to have on hand, or to know this information?

00:36:06.530 **P2:** It'd be helpful. It gives… Maybe the person is so disabled they can't — they can't… keyboard people. Or text people, and they have to do it orally. Remember, these are disabled people general disability reference]`. Not everybody has their dexterity ability. So you have to understand the target population. You're dealing with disabled people. You make it less detailed, less manual dexterity as possible.

00:36:44.000 **Moderator 2:** Okay, and how do you expect this information to be used?

00:36:51.470 **P2:** Hopefully, it should say which is the preferred method of the demographic for contacting you.

00:37:00.910 **Moderator 2:** Okay, and what do you expect to happen after you choose this?

00:37:06.380 **P2:** They will leave a message. That's what it's been like.

00:37:11.920 **Moderator 2:** So, you expect them to leave a message for you. Okay.

00:37:20.860 **P2:** And hopefully it's smart enough to sort you to the region you belong in.

00:37:26.590 **Moderator 2:** Okay. So we're gonna move — we only have a few more minutes, and I don't want to keep you any longer, so I'm just going to ask you specific questions now, [Redacted PII]. For this one — when do you want us to contact you to schedule your appointments? What do you expect to see after you click the Edit button?

00:37:49.490 **P2:** Your proper number that they have to get a callback on record. Sometimes they key in the wrong number. I had that happen.

00:38:01.240 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so I'm just gonna press here. So here are options for "When do you want us to contact you to schedule your appointments?" They either give you no preference, or select days and times to be contacted. If you selected days and times to be contacted, what do you expect to see on the next page?

00:38:25.610 **P2:** Monday through Friday, morning or afternoon… business day, morning or afternoon. That's it. Monday through Sunday.

00:38:36.420 **Moderator 2:** Alright, so this is what you get after you hit that. Is this what you expected to see?

00:38:43.200 **P2:** Yeah.

00:38:44.480 **Moderator 2:** Is there anything that you would add or change on this page?

00:38:48.370 **P2:** No, can't get very specific. Oh, preferred contact — texting, or whatever they call it, texting or email.

00:39:04.730 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so once they have that information, they ask you what days and times that you'd like to be contacted.

00:39:12.880 **P2:** And they ask you phone or email or texting, whatever.

00:39:17.880 **Moderator 2:** Yes. Okay. So this is adequate — the information here is adequate. Okay.

00:39:24.840 **P2:** Because… you didn't ask… the only thing you don't ask is for a specific time to call back. Some organizations do that.

00:39:35.220 **Moderator 2:** Okay, and so would you think that would be helpful if there were more specific times?

00:39:41.920 **P2:** Yes, but then it'd be a cluttered screen. You know, it's like trying to look at an airline arrival and departure schedule. It's very cluttered. People have to read it, because they need to get on the right… you know, they need to read it to get to the right point of departure, but if you weren't forced to read it, you wouldn't read through the clutter.

00:40:13.560 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so here, the next one is, "Do you want help scheduling your appointments?" Is this what you expected to see for this question?

00:40:25.070 **P2:** Yes.

00:40:26.310 **Moderator 2:** Okay, and what does "help" mean to you?

00:40:30.330 **P2:** Help means… you don't have the physical ability to do self-direction, or self-help.

00:40:44.210 **Moderator 2:** So what do you expect after you choose yes? If you were to choose yes for this, what do you expect to happen?

00:40:51.290 **P2:** Sure, yeah. A reply message that says return phone call. And then a little comment box — "What is your complaint?"

00:41:12.980 **Moderator 2:** So, I'm going to move on to Provider Preferences. Do you prefer a male or female provider?

00:41:20.460 **P2:** So you put M or F. Yeah. They give you 3 options here. No preference? Got it. Yeah, I like it. As for me, I take no preference. Whoever can see me first will help me with my health. I don't gender discriminate. No. Go ahead.

00:41:46.170 **Moderator 2:** How do you expect this to be used in practice?

00:41:51.380 **P2:** What do you mean? Expect it to be used… like, the way it's being used right now.

00:41:57.760 **Moderator 2:** Okay. So let's say… okay. What do you think will happen if you choose a gender-specific provider versus no preference?

00:42:16.230 **P2:** Your primary care — it's your gatekeeper. So, if she's a female and you don't like women, you have a problem. I've been very lucky, most of my primary providers are actual MDs or DOs, but some people get nurse practitioners. Or physician assistants.

00:42:44.530 **Moderator 2:** So, do you think this particular card only refers to primary care, or do you think this preference would pertain to other appointments?

00:42:57.750 **P2:** Other appointments. Primary care — you already have a primary care that has been assigned a gender. Everybody is assigned a primary care. You have no choice in the gender initially. But the initial assignment — you don't have a choice. So, when I got assigned to my primary care, it was actually an internist, and she was female. But I had no problem with her being female, as long as she's my primary care. But some women… or some men prefer their own gender. They have a gender preference. But it's like providing service — how do you tell how… what happens when you go to a place where there's only a male representative and there's no women to talk to? Think about it. I went to a lot of places where there's no men to speak to, there's only women — like to buy a blouse for your significant person. And I said, is there anyone I could get a man's perspective view from? And they usually dragged the store manager. Or one of the administrators. One time, I had to speak to a regional manager for fashion — Sharp — because they had no men to talk to. You understand what I'm saying.

00:44:34.780 **Moderator 2:** Yes, yes. So, if you were to choose a male or female provider — and other than that, do you want help choosing your provider for this card? Is this what you expected to see?

00:44:49.700 **P2:** Yeah.

00:44:51.920 **Moderator 2:** How helpful would this be for you?

00:44:56.340 **P2:** Well, me — not very. But for most people that have a preference of gender, very helpful.

00:45:03.410 **Moderator 2:** Okay, and when they say "Do you want help choosing your provider," what does that mean to you? Help?

00:45:12.040 **P2:** It means your specialty provider. It doesn't mean your primary. That's what it means. So if you're going for dental, if you're going for chiropractor, if you're going for podiatry, you could choose your gender. It doesn't apply to your primary care people.

00:45:42.770 **Moderator 2:** And what do you expect to happen after you choose yes? What do you expect to happen here?

00:45:50.950 **P2:** I don't know.

00:45:54.000 **Moderator 2:** Okay. So, going back to the overall…

00:46:15.320 **Moderator 2:** Sorry about that. It gets stuck sometimes. So, overall, what do you think of this page? Do you feel like…

00:46:27.630 **P2:** I like it. It's simple. It's direct… but you remember, you have to make it… to deal with the demographic audience you're dealing with. And most of the veterans that use the services are usually the Baby Boomers now. You know… nope.

00:46:55.870 **Moderator 2:** Keeping that in mind, [Redacted PII] — that most are Baby Boomers. If you could change one thing about this page, and it could be anything — you can take away or add anything to it — what would it be?

00:47:11.630 **P2:** I'll put a chat box on it. A chat box. Hey, bro — whenever you do oil commercials or advisory, they always pop up. And usually the chat box is the screener, and it gets you to a direct, real-time person. You can't get anyone real-time on the app. Can you?

00:47:42.520 **Moderator 2:** Okay, so you would do that if you needed help, right?

00:47:49.140 **P2:** Right, because remember — the people you're asking are not able-bodied. Their health condition really prevents the way they communicate. Not like me and you right now. If I didn't feel good, I wouldn't be talking to you, would I?

00:48:06.550 **Moderator 2:** Right. Okay, that's all the questions that I had, [Redacted PII].

00:48:11.460 **P2:** Hopefully I gave you a thorough answer.

00:48:13.560 **Moderator 2:** Yes, it's excellent. I'm going to stop sharing my screen now.

00:48:19.320 **P2:** Okay. You know, I'm not trying to be insulting about old people, but… the less path of resistance, the better it is for them.

00:48:30.370 **Moderator 2:** Okay. Now I'm going to ask my colleagues if they have any questions for you. Please. Notetaker, do you have any questions?

00:48:45.820 **Notetaker:** Great question, [Moderator]. Just about the chatbot. [Redacted PII], so… I just want to clarify — are you asking for the chatbot as a means to get to a scheduler?

00:49:01.320 **P2:** You know, as an emergency means, if you're disabled and you can't use the app. Some people's disability prevents them — either they have a neurological problem, and it prevents them from using technology that way. So the chat box, if they still could type, would ask — do you want to talk to a live representative? I had that pop up on me a lot when using the app — it goes to the normal routine, there's no way to access a live person.

00:49:47.150 **Notetaker:** Okay, so your chatbot is your means of getting to a live person. In an emergency only, or all of the time?

00:49:55.280 **P2:** M… So far, in emergency only. If I can't go through the app to get my transaction completed — as a last resort, I would go to the chat box, and the chat box says, "May I help you?" And you would say, I have a problem using the app. Then a little screen for logging in a comment. And they say, "May I take the comment for you? May I channel you to a live agent?" Whatever. And then the live agent comes on and gets on the chat and talks to you, and you know it's a live agent. And then they will ask you, do you prefer me to call you back? Do you prefer to speak — it goes on, you know, it depends… And a lot of times, you could get it resolved by just chatting someone and say, well, you know, I'm in my 80's I don't see very well — this is… I need someone to call me back to discuss my issue.

00:51:03.540 **Notetaker:** Okay, understood. Thanks, [Redacted PII].

00:51:05.570 **P2:** No, I'm just saying, you know, it has to be ADA accessible, but the people programming and doing this are not disabled themselves. How would they know?

00:51:20.100 **Moderator 2:** Thanks. You know. So, [Redacted PII], that's all we have time for today. I just want to really thank you for being part of this session, and we'll be sending you a thank you note with a little blurb you can pass along.

00:51:38.080 **P2:** Yeah, I'm able to help folks, and thankful. Strong for me instead of letting me do it myself.

00:51:46.720 **Moderator 2:** No worries. And I just want to reiterate that you're okay if we use this video clip.

00:51:54.780 **P2:** I'm okay with it, and hopefully I've been insightful. That's all.

00:51:59.380 **Moderator 2:** Yes, you have been. Thank you, we really appreciate it. Have a great day.

00:52:03.500 **P2:** You too, bye-bye.
