# Participant 3

00:00:03.540 **Moderator 1:** I've started the recording, and I'd like to confirm, are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio as we talk today?

00:00:09.930 **P3:** I am, yes.

00:00:11.830 **Moderator 1:** Thank you. Are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with our VA partners, if we remove any information that can be used to identify you?

00:00:20.780 **P3:** Yes.

00:00:22.690 **Moderator 1:** Thank you. Alright, so… We're going to be interacting with a prototype today during this session, but before we do that, I'd like to ask you a few questions to better understand your past experiences in regard to VA healthcare appointments. Can you tell me about your last VA Health appointment, and how that appointment was scheduled, and by who?

00:00:43.720 **P3:** So last one's my primary care at the [PHI - facility location]` here in `[PII - state]`. Originally scheduled via phone, and then I have that… actually, I really like the VA app you guys have now. And so I was able to reschedule that because I had to travel for work, so I was able to reschedule it on the app. Another appointment on there, so that was, like, a little buggy, where it had, like, my two appointments, but then it did cancel out once I'd missed it, but it did have the second one on there.

00:01:12.280 **Moderator 1:** Oh, okay, so it had the original appointment that you scheduled with a scheduler, even though you rescheduled through the app.

00:01:18.770 **P3:** Correct.

00:01:19.190 **Moderator 1:** And then that one dropped once you attended the appointment that you scheduled with the app, is that correct?

00:01:26.750 **P3:** Yes.

00:01:27.100 **Moderator 1:** Okay.

00:01:27.480 **P3:** I had one new thing that I liked. I'd never done the travel reimbursement, but with the app, like, once I completed that appointment, then it said travel reimbursement all through the app, very simple. Haven't gotten a back kick because I had to set it up, but, like, that flow was amazing, where I was like, I didn't even know I had that. So, again, kudos to the work you guys are doing, where I show people the app, I'm like, this is amazing.

00:01:48.160 **Moderator 1:** Thank you, we really appreciate that. Yeah, we're pretty excited about that as well. I just showed somebody a video of that the other day. So thank you. Glad… glad you're really using it and enjoying it. The team has worked very hard on it. So… Was there ever a time VA staff scheduled an appointment for you?

00:02:08.000 **P3:** With… does it include me calling them on the phone, or, like, them doing it without my knowledge?

00:02:14.110 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, I guess… and you had said that, so sorry. So, yeah, you calling about the phone, and… And talking through it with them. So, you had said yes. So, why did you do that instead of using the self-scheduling tool the first time?

00:02:31.930 **P3:** My primary care had left, so then I was assigned to a new one, and then I was kind of in this black hole of who is my new primary care, so I had to call to find out who that person is, and then once I found that, then I was able to schedule one.

00:02:43.550 **Moderator 1:** Gotcha. So, was that appointment made for you in real time, or did a scheduler have to get back to you?

00:02:50.870 **P3:** In real time. So we went through, she pulled up the availability, we went through, like, calendar, was able to match that. This is the original one before I had to travel for work, and then rescheduled it on the app.

00:03:00.770 **Moderator 1:** Okay, thank you. What did you dislike or like about a VA scheduler making the appointment for you?

00:03:08.300 **P3:** It was fine. The main thing was, again, outside of the scheduling piece, it was finding, like, who my new primary care was, so… Dr. `[PII - provider name]` left, and then they're, like, kind of this weird thing. I'm like, who is the new person? How do I do my annual physical `[PHI - appointment type]`?

00:03:22.660 **Moderator 1:** Did the scheduler call you afterwards with any additional questions?

00:03:26.680 **P3:** No.

00:03:28.760 **Moderator 1:** Do you feel that VA schedulers have enough information to adequately schedule an appointment without needing to contact you?

00:03:35.490 **P3:** Yes.

00:03:38.360 **Moderator 1:** Is there any information that you would wish a scheduler would have had before scheduling an appointment for you?

00:03:49.090 **P3:** No, the only thing that can come to mind is, like, if there's anything I need to do to prepare for it, because it was, like, a new primary care. And so, like, one of my prescriptions `[PHI - medication/prescription]` that I had, like, from a civilian doctor, I didn't have, like, the dosage ready. But I mean, it's just kind of like, here's your annual physical `[PHI - appointment type]`, make sure you have these things. If that was, like, kind of, like, I guess, script or whatever, whatever the type of appointment may be, like, are these… are you still on these things? Just so I'm prepared for the meeting.

00:04:12.220 **Moderator 1:** How would you like to relay that information to VA staff?

00:04:17.430 **P3:** I like doing stuff through the app, right? Also, oh, the other piece, I can redo the two prescriptions `[PHI - medication/prescription]` I have through the app, another shout-out, that works well, rather than calling in and everything, but if there's an easier way where I can just give information, because then… After the primary care, I came home, and I was like, oh, this is the prescription `[PHI - medication/prescription]` I have, but I have no way of getting that back to her unless I call and get transferred and then, like, leave a message. It's not important, it's not like an, you know, there's any mortality related to it, but I was like, oh, I'll follow up with that, just so you have it in my records, but I have no direct way of getting it back to her.

00:04:52.040 **Moderator 1:** Oh, okay. Thank you. That's good feedback. What does self-scheduling mean to you?

00:04:59.810 **P3:** When I was able to reschedule it via the app, that's where, like, I could just do it myself. I didn't have to call, wait, transfer, see if there's someone there, go through, re-verify this is who I am, and I'm the veteran, scheduling on behalf of myself. I can just log in, authenticate, be able to do it.

00:05:16.870 **Moderator 1:** What would help with self-scheduling mean to you?

00:05:25.330 **P3:** If there was a lack of availability, sometimes there is, right? Or for the availability… I had an issue with my old primary carer was like, yeah, he can see you in 3 months, and I was like, I was just in a car accident `[PHI - health event]`, I kind of need to see him, like, this week. So then that was where I had to call in and go to their scheduling, like, actually, he'll fit you in during this time.

00:05:45.640 **Moderator 1:** I'm gonna ask you this question that I think I know the answer to already, but… would you like to self-schedule VA appointments, or do you prefer help when scheduling, and why?

00:05:55.070 **P3:** I like to self-schedule, just because, like, my schedule's in flux. Again, I'm… it's a generational piece, right? And this is where I empathize a lot with the VA, where you have, like, bifurcated populations. Like, I'm part of the younger generation, you also have the older generation, and you're trying to design for both in your office, I assume, right? So you're, like, trying to balance the two. For me, being on, I'd say, the younger side, even, like, I'm old by, like, I'd say currently serving standards, like Army standards, but young from veteran standards. I have, like, 2 young kids `[PII - family information]`, I'm still working, my wife works, so my schedule can be in flux. So if there's any way I can help just automatically do that, and then it relieves any pressure from people that need to support the older generation.

00:06:34.000 **Moderator 1:** How would you improve the overall experience when scheduling appointments with VA staff?

00:06:40.000 **P3:** If there's a paperless option for me, I'd like that. I still get, like, letters saying, here's my, you know, appointment and everything, and I don't know if that's regulatory or not, but it just seems like a cost savings, where again, if I have the app, if I can opt into paperless, I don't need as many of, like, the letters about things. That's… that's just one thing that pops out to me. The little, like, postcards that come in, like, it's fine, it's a nice reminder, but it's not necessary if I already put it on my digital calendar, I have backup for the app, you know. I get the texts also, please confirm yes or no, Y42. If there's one way to say… I get the, I'm not gonna miss the appointment, right? But if there's some way to say, like, hey, I just already confirmed this, we're good, I don't need 3 texts, plus the letter, plus that.

00:07:24.050 **Moderator 1:** Like, to cover our bases, you know?

00:07:25.460 **P3:** I appreciate the thoroughness, right? It's not negative, it's better than, like, no communication.

00:07:31.990 **Moderator 1:** All right. Well, I'm going to… thank you. That's very helpful insight, so we really appreciate it. Again, any positive, any negative, we appreciate all of that insight so we can make the experience better for you, because that is the business that we're in. So, I'm now going to share… I'm going to send a link to you, to the prototype that I want you to open up, and… Please don't click on anything until I ask you to do so, and then I'm going to ask you to share your screen as well. No.

00:08:06.400 **P3:** It's gonna be in the chat.

00:08:08.490 **Moderator 1:** It's gonna be in the chat, yep. There it is.

00:08:09.760 **P3:** Oh, yep, I see it, it's a Figma. Okay, I'm familiar.

00:08:13.090 **Moderator 1:** Oh, good. You've done this before.

00:08:15.390 **P3:** With work, we've used Figma. We… I forget the one we used before it, but, like, I know Figma, we have the screens, and it's design flow, so…

00:08:22.390 **Moderator 1:** Oh, cool.

00:08:24.370 **P3:** It's loading up for me.

00:08:27.120 **Moderator 1:** Alright.

00:08:28.880 **P3:** I opened it into a separate window, that way I can have a nice screen share. I'm just screen sharing, it's the only I'm clicking, I will not click on anything in the Figma until then.

00:08:37.690 **Moderator 1:** Yeah.

00:08:38.799 **P3:** Yeah, now…

00:08:40.270 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, once you screen share, then we can go in. It's… Figma has been funny. A little bit lately, where sometimes it brings you to another screen where it'll, like, give you a puzzle, or start asking you questions about yourself. So if that happens, you can screen share and we can just click through those.

00:09:00.640 **P3:** Okay, I'm setting up my system settings right. Screen sharing… Let's see the screen, let me remove that, so let me remove this…

00:09:43.390 **Moderator 1:** Oh, wonderful. Yes. That's great. If you wouldn't mind clicking on the VA at the top there, please. There we go. Thank you. Yeah, it brought you into another place. Alright. So that's great. Since it's a prototype for testing purposes only, it may not work as you expect, and even though it may look like the actual VA.gov website, just a reminder, it won't affect any of your VA information. All right.

00:10:15.290 **P3:**  `[moderator name]`, you gotta read what you gotta read, and I'm here to… we're gonna get through this together. And so is `[PII - staff name]`, but we're getting through it together.

00:10:23.050 **Moderator 1:** Getting through it together, alright. Alright, so now, if you wouldn't mind, please click on T2.

00:10:28.460 **P3:** Yep.

00:10:32.160 **Moderator 1:** Alright. Can you show me where you believe you would go to indicate what day and time you prefer to have your medical appointments? And while you're doing it, please think aloud as you're moving through, and explain your thought process. I may stop you from proceeding while you navigate to ask you questions before you proceed to the next screen, but please think out loud for me.

00:10:54.530 **P3:** First, I'm gonna look at a hamburger menu there. I also might think of go to your profile. But if this was just me logging in, I'm assuming I was in here, claims and appeals, looking at that. My name is Hector, so, I mean, you can call me Hector for the rest of the session if you'd like to. There is My HealthyVet, yep, you can manage your healthcare needs on My HealthyVet. Turn my appointments… I'm just scrolling to make sure I see everything.

00:11:29.680 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, I appreciate that, that's great, thank you.

00:11:35.150 **P3:** I mean, if I was older and I needed help, I can find the VA numbers, or go to AskVA or something. There's always the contact us at the bottom in any footer. If it's healthcare-based, appointments, changing appointments, I would assume it'd be within this section.

00:11:54.860 **Moderator 1:** Why would you assume it would be in that section?

00:11:58.100 **P3:** But claims and appeals, different thing, right? So that's, like, about me getting compensation or things like that. The rating is there, and then there are different forms, like, so if I need a letter for something, like, say, my home, my home property taxes I can get a discount on, whatever that may be. But if it's with healthcare, that's where I found the healthcare piece. No. Without clicking on anything, of course, I don't know what's in the drop-down menu, if it goes to, like, healthcare, or compensation, disability, or any of the other, kind of, I'd say, headers. But looking at these, like, this is where I'm thinking I need healthcare, it's appointments for healthcare, if there are preferences, or managing the appointments.

00:12:37.990 **Moderator 1:** Okay, why don't you go ahead and click on what you believe? Where you believe you would find it.

00:12:46.200 **P3:** And it progressed, so it looks like, this was set up, you know, that where I could click on that.

00:12:51.400 **Moderator 1:** Yes. So, my…

00:12:55.040 **P3:** And it's healthy vet, right? Because there's the E there, but, like.

00:12:58.070 **Moderator 1:** Yep. Yeah, my healthy food.

00:12:59.640 **P3:** Does it heal the vet? I don't know. I don't know.

00:13:03.230 **Moderator 1:** You know, I never thought about it like that.

00:13:05.400 **P3:** It's live here, `[PII - moderator name]`, we're riffing, we're riffing here.

00:13:07.620 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, everything here.

00:13:08.970 **P3:** That's good. You know, `[PII - staff name]` is listening, so… I've always been a bit confused where there's, like, my HealthyVet, VAGov, like, am I on the different sites, and then I get different tabs open, and like, and given being, like, digital native, but I'm like, okay, it's this site within this site, within this site, and it's… I end up navigating there, but it seems like it's a collection of sites rather than one, so when it says, like, right here on VA.gov. Is the intent that everything's back on VA.gov, and it's less of this kind of collection of… or mosaic of websites?

00:13:43.440 **Moderator 1:** I like that, the way that you just put that, a mosaic of websites. Yeah, My HealthyVet… did you use My HealthyVet previously, before it was on VA.gov, when it was its own?

00:13:54.420 **P3:** There's a separate login, and there used to be…

00:13:57.790 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, so the intent was exactly what you said, to bring it over to VA.gov, and My HealthyVet has that recognition amongst veterans, and they've been using it for years, so there's that… the brand awareness of My HealthyVet, so moving it to VA.gov, keeping it as My HealthyVet for a bit is helpful to veterans who have been using it for years. But yeah, the intent is to get everything one digital front door, right? So a veteran has one place to go to make it easy, and that's one of the things that we're doing, the reason we're doing this testing right now, is to help to see… understand the mental models of veterans, to see how they think about things, where they believe things should go, so we can design it in the most efficient way for them to make the workflows the best.

00:14:43.940 **P3:** Yeah, we want to be using it, right? And we want to make sure that we're leveraging VA healthcare, and it's great healthcare once you're in and everything, that's what people say, and, like, I've been very happy with it. One positive story I would say is, like, you know, when I was recently married, I've been married, like, 5 years, but this was, like, 2021, COVID shot `[PHI - vaccination record]` came out, and then I heard the VA had, like, you know, COVID vaccinations `[PHI - vaccination record]`, both for me and my spouse, and my wife's like, what? And I got called on April Fool's, though, `[PII - moderator name]`. And I was like, is this… Nothing with the VA is ever this easy, like, yeah, you want to come by Thursday? It's like a few days later for both you and your wife, and, like, no one could get vaccinations anywhere. So my wife's like, I love the VA, they're great, we got it, I can go see my grandmother, elderly grandma, all this stuff now. He's had nothing but positive things.

00:15:26.750 **Moderator 1:** Very cool.

00:15:28.110 **P3:** So I was just scrolling back and forth here, I didn't know if you wanted me to go through anything, but… Oh, sorry, go ahead. I'll address what you said. It makes sense for the transition, keeping My HealthyVet. There are some… people are averse to change. Bring it in and making the user experience simpler makes sense, but then also, if you change names or anything, people will be like, you're gonna get an inundation of calls, like, where is this? And I know how to do that. So, you're trying to balance simplifying things and bringing everything together, but making sure that it's still usable. Again, to the aforementioned, like, bifurcation of populations, right? Like, you have me, I'm `[PII - age]`, but you also have people that are going to be 60 plus, because the average veteran is, you know, 50 plus, right?

00:16:08.920 **Moderator 1:** Exactly, yeah, so it's… it's a nice task we have at hand of creating something for the entire population. So, let me ask you this. Is there anything… or anywhere else you'd expect, to make the selections that I had asked you about of time preferences for your appointments. Do you think you would find that anywhere else in this site?

00:16:37.990 **P3:** I don't know what's on menu, if I can click on that, and then also, like, profile. If there's any, like, profile preferences, I would assume under profile preferences, that's the communication preferences I was mentioning, you know, if there's paperless and everything else, timing for preferences, right? So, like, if there's different timings that I'd prefer to either be called, or I have appointments, or things like that, and maybe, like, transportation limited, something along those lines might be in, like, an overall profile piece.

00:17:03.560 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, why don't you go… you can click on Hector on your name. And then… You could go into profile, and that should be clickable.  And you can see if you find that in there.

00:17:17.750 **P3:** Personal, services… Healthcare settings… That… Scheduling preferences.

00:17:45.910 **P3:** Nice. When do you want us to contact you? Yep. And then appointment preferences… Nope. Provider preferences.  I'm assuming it's not binary, either. It's male, female, or no preference, so you have a third option, maybe… Exclu- like, mutually exclusive, alright.

00:18:08.890 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, why don't you click in there and see if… If it's what you were talking about.

00:18:13.130 **P3:** Male, female, no preference? I mean, I'm like, no preference. Are they good at what they do? Are they gonna take care of whatever's ailing me?

00:18:21.220 **Moderator 1:** We hear that often.

00:18:23.770 **P3:** Do you want help? Yes, no, no. That's… Hmm, once again. I'm clicking without your approval now, so I'm getting ahead of myself, you know.

00:18:45.380 **Moderator 1:** No, no, please do. This is great for us. Like I said, as long as you're thinking out loud, and you keep doing so, that's the most helpful for us, so I… watching, as long as you don't mind being watched while you're clicking and talking out loud, this is great feedback for us.

00:19:03.370 **P3:** This is a general scheduling preferences, and I'm trying to think if I have, like, one type of thing, I just go for primary care, I don't really go for much else, but if I had, like, a continuing health ailment, is it one location, or is it two locations? Because I go to Bedford VA `[PHI - facility location]`, it's big here in `[PHI - facility location]`, it's, like, 30 minutes from my house, and so I think it covers most things, but there may be other VA locations I need to go to, so I don't know if that is, like, a permutation of, like, scheduling for those with, like, more complex medical needs. Not something I would have, but that's something I would think of.

00:19:37.720 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, thanks for thinking through that.

00:19:40.500 **P3:** Yeah. Email… Yeah.

00:19:50.820 **Moderator 1:** Is… is there anything that…

00:19:52.940 **P3:** The mailing address kind of hit me, where, like, how would I like to be com… like, through the mail or something, but mailing address? Just for, like, it's content. Because if I'm like, okay, it's either, like, what is my preference? It's email, or phone call, home, and I don't know if you can set up on the back end to say, like, if I don't have something in home phone, and I only have, like, my mobile, because I don't have, like, a landline, if those options would automatically be pulled out. And so it's personalized to me. Okay, there's either my email, my mailing address, or, you know, home, phone number, text call. Secure message, I'm assuming, has to be there, but those are usually a pain, because there's authentication, and again, the other generation probably wouldn't like that as much. And then, yeah, because of the prototype, I'm just clicking, I see the check, so it would go there.

00:20:45.850 **Moderator 1:** Great.

00:20:47.350 **P3:** And then I would click continue, etc, but then I know it's highlighting me to go back, but yeah, and it'd be fully functional. Did you choose, the iPhone with the Touch ID on purpose, for any generation?

00:20:59.380 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, you know, you choose the lowest model, not everybody has the…

00:21:04.540 **P3:** Tim `[PII - moderator name]`, I got the SE here, you know, 3rd gen, my wife. But we're like, hey, we like the Touch ID, we got kids.

00:21:12.050 **Moderator 1:** Yep, yeah, I'm the same way. So… but… but when we design, we design for, you know, the one that… Most people… would have exposure with.

00:21:23.520 **P3:** Although I would assume, if you're gonna be doing the older generation, just to be transparent, you're gonna have the bigger font, right? Because you know how they have, like, the old people font? That really… If you're designing that, and you want to see how they use it, like, you would get maybe one or two of these, like, on a single screen with them, right? Versus, like, this is going to be your normal piece, you're using the emulator, and for me, I can see and scroll because I'm not using the font. I use normal-sized font. But just something to think about.

00:21:49.560 **Moderator 1:** Yeah. Yeah, we do design for accessibility as well, so… That should be taken into account, but definitely appreciate that feedback, yeah.

00:21:58.690 **P3:** I mean… My wife's younger than me, but she apparently had, like, old people font, and someone, one of her interns called her out on it, and she's like, what? I thought this is how it always is. And I was like, no, honey, that's a big font.

00:22:09.190 **Moderator 1:** Let's go to the item. Is there anything else that… You want to call out, or anything else you find interesting, anything else you find meaningful, or anything else that you would like to see here?

00:22:26.110 **P3:** If there was… I mean, again, multiple locations. So here, Jamaica Plain `[PHI - facility location]` is terrible. It's like a VA facility, it's just well-known, right? So I don't like to go there. West Roxbury's `[PHI - facility location]` fine if I have to go there. Bedford's `[PHI - facility location]` my preferred VA, so the location piece. And I think… I don't know if other people have that many options, like, so when I was at Salt Lake `[PHI - prior location]`, it was mainly just the Salt Lake VA `[PHI - facility location]`, right? But at the same time, you have different, like, VA clinics, and so they're smaller ones. There's actually one here in Framingham `[PHI - facility location]` I haven't been to, but I was talking to another veteran, he goes to the Framingham, like, kind of, like, VA clinic, rather than the hospital. So I'd say location preference.

00:23:01.200 **P3:** Okay.

00:23:15.830 **P3:** The other piece I mentioned, so not for me, but transportation, you know, DAV, you know, provides transportation. Some people may need help with transportation. Not an option for everyone, but I don't know if that's something else within a veteran's profile, if they, you know, do have… need… need help with transportation, because that would be impacting scheduling. Because they're not just scheduling the appointment, they're scheduling how they're getting to and from the appointment. I'm trying to think not just for me, right? I can actually give you my personal preference and everything, but I also know you're designing it, as you said, for all veterans.

00:23:49.400 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, appreciate that. The transportation… The issue came up yesterday as well, with another veteran that we were testing, and he gave us the same comment, so definitely appreciate it. The more you get the same comment, the more you… Want to make sure you address that issue.

00:24:06.540 **P3:** Meh? Oops, feedback, that's good, and then, of course, the footer, yeah. That is all I can think of, yeah. So go back to healthcare settings… I don't know if messages signature would, like, rise if I'm just looking at healthcare contacts, it's important, scheduling preference is important. The signature on your messages, is that really, like, number 2 if we go 3 here? So… description. Emotional, but go ahead, Tim `[PII - moderator name]`.

00:24:46.210 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, yeah, no, no, I was just gonna say that back to make sure I'm understanding what you're saying. You're saying, in terms of the order of importance here of these links, messages signatures is probably less important than your scheduling preferences. Is that what you said?

00:25:00.740 **P3:** Yep, that's exact… yeah, precisely. I mean, it's… and also the… I think of the number of times I may use it, like, my schedule could change. You know, if I have other issues, I may have to change this a few times, I might see my contacts a few times, like, the usage level of message to signature, probably one and done.

00:25:17.020 **Moderator 1:** Right. Yeah, thanks for that feedback.

00:25:22.530 **Moderator 1:** I'm now going to ask, unless you're keep… you want to keep clicking for a couple more minutes, that by all means. Alright, yep. There are some in T2? Alright.

00:25:32.410 **P3:** My home button, okay.

00:25:35.600 **Moderator 1:** Alright, if you wouldn't mind going back to where you just were, please.

00:25:38.450 **P3:** Let me go T3.

00:25:40.420 **Moderator 1:** And we're gonna go to T3.

00:25:42.930 **P3:** Okay.

00:25:44.650 **Moderator 1:** Alright, similar to the last time, and you've been doing a fantastic job of this, so I appreciate it, please think out loud as you're scrolling up and down to the end, and… Tell me what you're seeing, what you're looking at, but please don't click anything yet.

00:25:58.850 **P3:** Alright.

00:26:32.790 **Moderator 1:** Thoughts?

00:26:34.940 **P3:** Some of the orders changed slightly, right? But, when I was scrolling through, I was thinking. The… I think the… I like the disclaimer there, like, when possible, schedules are considered your preference when scheduling your appointments. You have to… we have to know, like, it can't always fit, because you're… they're trying to match, like, my schedule, provider's schedule, providers are busy, I'm busy, all of that, so… disclaimer, I think it's well-worded, where yeah, I'm trying to help, and, like, the VA is here to help, they're trying to help me, but it may not always be possible. And then the best way, and then timing… And then, do you want help? Like, yes, no, and then when do you want to go? Because if you want help, then… How do you want help, right? So that was logical. But then I saw the switch here, like, do you want help? Above, so, like. I don't know if it's just gonna be… it's me just being… thinking about, like, parallelism. Do you want help? And then a detailed thing, do you want help? And then a detailed thing, or vice versa. I don't know if that really matters from a usability standpoint. That was something that just kind of popped to me.

00:27:41.540 **Moderator 1:** Can you say a little bit more about that?

00:27:44.030 **P3:** Sure, I was thinking of, like, a logical flow. If I'm someone that needs more help with anything, then, like, it would rise up, and I don't know if you can do any age-based or, like you said, accessibility testing that you guys do and everything. If I'm someone that needs more help, like, that should be the first thing, like, do I need help? And you know that some people always need help, or more likely than not. And having that surface first is a primary one, versus if it's me and you see, like, I never need help or anything, like, then you kind of filter it down. I don't know if it can be dynamic if you're doing, like, static and things like that, but… Yeah, just thinking, again, it's… I think of, like, do you have something, like, hard-coded static, or is it more dynamic and personalized to the veteran? And it may change in time, right? Like, 20 years from now, with all the explosions I was exposed to `[PHI - service-related health exposure]`, maybe I'm like, I need help all the time, right? Hopefully longer than 20 years, Tim `[PII - moderator name]`, but we'll see.

00:28:38.050 **Moderator 1:** Right, hopefully longer than 20 years.

00:28:41.600 **P3:** Yeah. And something I didn't click on, that's on, like, related pages menu, don't know if that's, like, a thing there, but I think the related pages, because sometimes if you're trying to find something, you're like, hey, I'm close, and I think it may be there, but if… I think that you're giving people multiple paths to get to the right destination, which is helpful.

00:28:58.580 **Moderator 1:** Now… Hector says thank you, `[PII - moderator name]`. We greatly appreciate Hector's feedback. So, would you mind describing what you believe the main purpose of this page is?

00:29:13.200 **P3:** Yep, so, since we just hopped into it, it's, like, there's the healthcare settings, so then I look at that, and I'm saying, like, alright, within the healthcare, I have to, like, schedule an appointment. I can't just show up unless it's an emergency, and, like, there's urgent care at my VA if I needed to go there, right? This is scheduled appointments. Seeing, like, oh, do I have preferences? Like, yep, because I can't always just show up, and I was, when I first did my compensation and disability, like, appointments, it was like, this is your appointment, you have to make it, and you drop everything else, so it was kind of just top-down. This seems more of like, hey, the VA realizes that we're here to help, provide a good service, you have your life, and so how can we help make it easier on you and adjust to your schedule? It's more, I'd say, familiar-friendly. Is kind of how I see, like, the VA being changed over time with the work you guys are doing, and it's more accessible. Rather than, like, this big behemoth, you get a letter, if you miss the letter, like, well… So again, kudos to everything you guys are doing. So here, it's scheduling preferences. This is, like, how I interact with the VA, so I'm getting more say in how I can interact, rather than just the aforementioned letters, text, all that, so I can put in the ways to schedule it. And then when, right? Like, please don't call me during bath time with my kids, or story time, right? Or, oh, I have big, important meetings every morning, or I'm a caretaker, or, you know, whatever that may be. There are times that I prefer not to be disturbed, so I can do that. Appointment preferences. Maybe I need assistance, because I think I know what I need, but maybe I don't know the exact type of appointment. So if I'm bifurcating again, I know what I need, I'm trying to schedule it. I'm doing my annual physical `[PHI - appointment type]`, that's done. Versus, like, I got something's going on, I don't know if I'd really need this, is it related, does the VA support it? So that type of assistance… And then, again, timing piece, when… We already talked about transportation. How type thing there, and then who. Is it a male or female? No preference. We're not going to be able to click in and say, like, I want the person with the most credentials. I'm just kidding with you, but… Yes, male, female, if that… if they… some people may have a preference, and that's totally fine, right? You want to give them that option, and do the best to try and meet that. And then, do you want help choosing a provider? Again, if I don't know what I need, and I'm not just thinking of primary care, maybe a specialist. I might need assistance in having someone walk me through, like, yes, this is the right person for me to look at, you know, my toe that hurts versus, like, oh, I have, you know, post-nasal drip `[PHI - health condition]` because my kid sneezed in my face, which did happen. Getting over, but that was, you love them, but, like, I don't know if you have kids, `[PII - moderator name]`, but right in the face, you're like, all right.

00:31:49.330 **Moderator 1:** I do, yeah. I have quite a few kids, so I know exactly what you're talking about. Very well. Alright, so you're doing a fantastic job, again, of doing my job for me. So, if you wouldn't mind, just scroll all the way to the top again for me, please. And then you can scroll down a little bit to Contact Preferences.

00:32:10.870 **P3:** Okay.

00:32:11.840 **Moderator 1:** And… Let's talk a little bit deeper. You gave me an overview of each of these already, which is great, so I won't prompt you to do that, but let's talk about in-contact preferences, that first question. What would you expect to find when you clicked edit?

00:32:27.920 **P3:** So it's the best way to contact your schedule… contact you to schedule your appointments, and then edit is there, but if I'm not familiar with what edit would be, then you also have that, just as a… I'm sorry to go back, choose edit to add a preference. I think it's helpful just to kind of double tap, make sure people know what they're getting. So if I clicked on best way to contact, so you're gonna, again, call, text, email, letter, and then assuming, I think there's the other one for the one of, like, secure messaging on the site, if that is an option. Again, we have a lot of rural veterans as well, so maybe the mail takes a long time, or they don't have the best continuity of the signal. A lot of people still don't have, like, reliable internet if you're very rural, that type of stuff, right? So I want to make sure, like, how can you actually be contacted? Because it is your health, you want to make sure that you're aware of the appointment, we're interacting with you, and then sometimes just, like, ease. So for me, that'd be my phone, right? I usually do text or email. Calls are a little bit harder. So if I go ahead and click edit, I'm not trying to get ahead of myself, is that right? I click that, so…

00:33:28.860 **Moderator 1:** Please do.

00:33:30.390 **P3:** It's the best way, same thing, edit contact preferences. Again, no preference. Contact email… So again, it's like a… I would think email… I don't know if you could do another drop-down, I was thinking… Text message, you can text message, some people have work phones that are also mobile. So it's not just singular. Secure message, again, mail. I don't know if people like the USPS, or, like, how you want to, like, because`[PII - staff name]` a content guy, right? Like, what resonates most? Because there's mailing addresses that just mail… you wouldn't put snail mail, but that's what, like, younger people would call it, like, USPS postal service, what would resonate the most of, like, how that's going? Letter, I don't know. Because to me, mailing address… Do I have a separate mailing address rather than my home address? Might add some confusion. Because to me, like, phone call with these three, is it, like, phone call, and I would click phone call. Then this drops, and then it's like, okay, which phone? And you have that as a required field. Same thing with text messages.

00:34:41.920 **Moderator 1:** Any other changes you'd consider?

00:34:42.960 **P3:** If I have multiple emails, because sometimes you have a recovery email. Which email would that be? So, okay, contact email, drops down. Now you have my old school email, and you have my Gmail, and you have my work email, and, like, I need to make sure it's the right one, because maybe it's selected to one that I don't check as often. And that's changed over time. We discussed earlier about, like, kind of customizing based upon my profile, like, it's not going to be able to pull something that's not there, so it just simplifies my options. Other piece, just… I don't know, secure message. There's sometimes, if you have the, kind of further information things, like, what is secure message, that may be a question. I'm assuming secure messaging on here, on the site, and everything else, but again, if someone may not be as familiar, sometimes you have, like, what the definitions are as a little, like, pop-up is necessary, but again, not to add stuff to develop. If it's… if people are using it, that's fine, that's great. That's something else I've seen commonly. One other piece is it could be something to confirm, so if I say, you know, phone call, mobile phone, and then I exit out of here, confirming my phone numbers, blah blah blah blah. It's just another way to make sure, because, again, I assume the intent is we want to make sure we're communicating in the best way. Phone numbers change, addresses change, not always updated from the disparate systems. I did have this, actually, where I had everything updated, but then I called, and they're like, actually, we still have this address. I was like, that was, like, 5 years ago. Can you just ensure it's spread everywhere? Because it'll happen, right? So any way you can make sure that not only phone number, email, mailing address, whatever, is the most accurate one is another way to surface that up.

00:36:35.410 **Moderator 1:** Now, how do you expect the VA would utilize the information here? What do you expect it to impact?

00:36:44.490 **P3:** We're in healthcare, so I'd assume it's only healthcare, but if I was to go into, like, my profile, like, I'm thinking big… so big VA versus, like, there's healthcare, there's benefits, all these other pieces, right? Right now, just into healthcare and scheduling preferences. And so it'd be that way, but if there was some way… Hector clicks on his profile overall. Say, like, these are my overall preferences, and then have that cascade down, not just for these things. I mean, another example, Tim `[PII - moderator name]`, I got upgraded to 100% disability `[PHI - disability rating]` this year, which was fantastic. But all I got was a text saying, we have a decision, from, like, the Board of Review, right? And it'll be mailed to you in 7-10 days. I'm like, just tell me what the decision is! And so, like, checking the mail every day for, like, 2 weeks, I'm like, is it up, down, left, right? What's going on? So that, again, nothing that… it's… these are small things, right? It came out favorable, I'm very appreciative of the VA and everything else, but it was just one of those where, like, there's the immediacy of information, now I'm aware a decision has been made after waiting for months and years. But now I have to wait more, and so it's just like, okay, now I'm always thinking about it.

00:37:55.430 **Moderator 1:** Sure. Yeah.

00:37:57.280 **P3:** Outside of the scope of this, that's, but if… `[PII - moderator name]`, if you're looking for stuff to do, you know.

00:38:03.460 **Moderator 1:** Appreciate it. No, appreciate it again. All the feedback that you have. So, do you think that this preference should apply to all medical appointments? Yes. Or would you make different decisions based upon each appointment or type of care? I guess this is your… In terms of getting contact about an appointment.

00:38:27.850 **P3:** The way it's flowing, I would think it's just about, like, all healthcare. I don't know if we would need to go in each level. I'm trying to think, I don't have… Multiple, say, like, comorbidities or anything, right? So, like, I don't have different providers and all of that. But I would assume, like, if I'm talking to a doctor about my health, I'm gonna have the same preferences, and even if it's even more severe, like, if, you know, like, cancer from a burn pit `[PHI - health condition/exposure]` comes up, which is possible for me, right? Like, I would want to be speaking the same way.

00:38:59.990 **Moderator 1:** Alright, now… Can I have you go back again to where… outside of profile, unless you were looking for something in profile in particular that you wanted to…

00:39:11.500 **P3:** So tell me, actually, why you went into profile real quick. I was prompted by your question of, like, was this for, like, all VA communication, or just healthcare? And I'm using my hands trying to show, like, where I think VA overall, but then there's multiple things the VA does for me, right? And so that's why I clicked on profiles we were talking about that, to see, like, well, here is my contact information. And so under my contact info, then I could see, like, my VA overall preferences is kind of how I would think it would be, and I wanted to see what those drop-downs were in my overall profile. Same thing with updating anything, like, if things change. That type of stuff, because it's… Financial information, it's one that I never touch, right? Because I'm like, I never want the money to disappear somewhere else, so, like, I have this account, I'm keeping that account, I'll transfer it out of that account, but…

00:39:58.830 **Moderator 1:** So… I'm gonna repeat back to you what I think you were just saying.

00:40:03.680 **P3:** To make sure I understand it properly.

00:40:07.560 **Moderator 1:** You believe that there's overall preferences that should filter down into everything, every circumstance, but sometimes there's unique circumstances where you need to change individual things, depending upon whatever it is. Does that sound right to you? Do I have that right, or no?

00:40:25.510 **P3:** Yep.

00:40:26.690 **Moderator 1:** Okay.

00:40:27.080 **P3:** Think of immediacy, right? If I just need, also, like, the self-servicing with letters, by the way, in the app, amazing. Like, really, really, because it's always really hard to find out on the web stuff. But there are some things, you know, because of the breadth of the relationship with the VA, and the VA does do so much, that there are different things that may be there, but, like, say if I'm just like, hey, I'd rather… I prefer, like, just to go as paperless as possible. I think that could cascade down.

00:40:53.840 **Moderator 1:** Okay. Would you mind going back? Thank you for that. So I'm probably… I'm gonna rush you a little bit.

00:41:01.050 **P3:** Go ahead, tell me where to go. We'll stop talking.  [moderator name], you're the Sherpa. Let's go.

00:41:04.710 **Moderator 1:** No, alright, so let's go down a little bit again, oh, actually, if you wouldn't mind, go back to… Go back to VA at the top left there. And then T3, please. And then, okay, so let's talk about… In Contact Preferences… When do you want us to contact you to schedule your appointments? Would you… what would you expect to find here?

00:41:33.290 **P3:** Days, times, and… I don't know… I'm trying to think of different ways it would pop up, right? So, calendar, I think, for, like, a monthly calendar would be too much, but more like a weekly thing, like, okay, say I have… This on Tuesdays and Thursdays, so then I need to do, like, Mondays and Wednesdays, or is it AM or PM? And, like, how specific is it? And I don't know… I would balance the parameters of the providers with, like, my preferences. And so what I mean by that is there's day, which, okay, I don't want to do Fridays, then there's, like, morning, afternoon, and then is it specific to, like, hour blocks of, like, oh, I can't do between 9 and 10? How specific is that? Like, what is feasible?

00:42:15.080 **Moderator 1:** What do you think… what would matter to you? How would you like that? How would you like to select those times? What's your preference?

00:42:22.830 **P3:** So, if I'm just thinking purely selfish as a veteran, now, again, to, like, the scheduling piece. I'd be like, hey, from 9.30 to 12.30 on Tuesdays and Thursdays, I can't do that. Now, on the back end, if it's like, hey, just schedule in afternoons, you're giving me the appearance of I'm having more impact, but you're still allowing the scheduling for the providers, and I think that's a happy medium. Versus if it's just days, and then I'm like, well, actually, no, this day kind of works for me, but only on these times. So you want to be able to get as much information from the veteran, have that positive experience, balancing that with provider scheduling and all of that.

00:42:59.600 **Moderator 1:** Why don't you click on select days for me, please?

00:43:05.890 **P3:** So then Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday… Yep.

00:43:11.220 **Moderator 1:** Tell me your thoughts one more time about your preferences of how you would like this to look. Please.

00:43:18.200 **P3:** Sure, so we have Monday to Friday, it's just morning, afternoon, but if… I'm thinking, high level, if we go days, if we just have, like, circles, Monday to Friday, right? Which days are good or bad, whichever way it flows. Then I can click into it, rather than having everything thrown at me here. And so if I just need to say, like, I just can't do Fridays, okay, are there certain times, or, like, all day Friday? All right, done, and it's a simple flow, versus, like, okay, I have multiple days, okay, what times during this? Wednesday, I have, if I'm old, I'm playing bridge at the senior citizen's home, or whatever, at, like, 9 to 12. But being able to put in those hours, and they can be full hours, it doesn't have to be the half hours or 15, right? But, like, say from 9 to 12, it's essentially morning. But at the same time, you're giving me more power to say, like, actually, the VA is now being a little bit more flexible with me, and it's more of a positive experience. This isn't negative, but I think that's just, like, icing on the cake of making me feel more empowered.

00:44:18.880 **Moderator 1:** That's great, thanks. Would you mind going back, please?

00:44:24.140 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, yeah.

00:44:27.080 **P3:** There's a cancel on the back, because otherwise I could go to VA and go to T3, and I was like.

00:44:30.920 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, no, no, that's great. I wasn't sure if we had it hooked up right. Alright.

00:44:35.200 **P3:** You did, Tim `[PII - moderator name]`, Tim, don't doubt yourself, you guys are doing great here.

00:44:37.890 **Moderator 1:** Yeah, thanks. So, and appointment preferences here. Again, for the sake of time, I'm gonna try to key in on some. Do you want help scheduling your appointments? What do you expect to see here when you click edit?

00:44:55.740 **P3:** Yes, no, not now, and then also the help. If I'm looking to do something right now, is there a way to access, like, whether it's calling someone, emailing, virtual assistant, meaning, do I want help? It's not just a preference of yes, now, yes, no, but maybe I need help right now.

00:45:14.260 **Moderator 1:** Alright, now… Why don't you go ahead and click through there for me real quick, please?

00:45:19.040 **P3:** Yes, no, no preference? Yes. Save… Alright, so, like.

00:45:25.240 **Moderator 1:** Anything you change about this?

00:45:28.530 **P3:** I need help right now, because there's also different… you want to get, again, your thought was multiple paths to make sure you're getting to the right thing, but do you want help scheduling your appointments? If I say, yes, I want help scheduling my appointments, but my intent coming into the app was to schedule an appointment, I've just now told you, I am here to schedule an appointment, I need help. Yes, I need help, but then I'm at a dead end. So I have to, yes, save, then it could be… I don't know if there's chat assistant, or call, or whatever that may be. But I'm literally giving you information, and like, you can do that kind of first call resolution, or whatever, I'm using a wrong terminology, but I'm giving you information right now, like, yes, I want help. And it's like, do you need help now? Could just be a simple follow-up, yes, no. No, it didn't help at all.

00:46:14.310 **Moderator 1:** Path for immediate assistance.

00:46:16.420 **P3:** Yep.

00:46:16.960 **Moderator 1:** I need help. Help me. Right? Okay, thanks. Alright, now in, when do you want to go to your appointments? What would you expect? To find when you click that. And what do you… actually, before you do that, can you tell me what you think the purpose of that is?

00:46:29.570 **Moderator 1:** To find when you click that. And what do you… actually, before you do that, can you tell me what you think the purpose of that is?

00:46:39.120 **P3:** It's like, when do you want us to contact you? So, contact, again, whereas, like, when do you want to go? Like, when you… Right? So this is a little bit different, of like, this is when you're calling me, thinking again, right? Contact, how and when am I calling you? And then, do you need help? Nope, but, like, when do you want to go? Like, when can you actually come to see us? Like, when does it make sense? Like, you're here for healthcare. When does this make sense? Like, we're not gonna try and schedule something where, like, okay, you didn't show up, and now we haven't been able to provide you quality healthcare.

00:47:10.320 **Moderator 1:** And would you expect that to look the same as what we had talked about when you're scheduling? Like, same types of menus, same types of times, same… would you have the same preferences? Is there anything that you would change to make that look different?

00:47:25.660 **P3:** Same flow, the only difference in my mind is that transportation quotient, which is like, do I need transportation? But also, again, this is something that's icing on the cake, you don't have to do, average time to the facility, right? So if I'm scheduling this and say, like, oh, I want to do a 12 o'clock, do you have, like, oh, it's usually, like, 30 minutes from your home of record. It's one of those things, right? Just so you're thinking of scheduling. You don't have to do that, but that's something I've seen commonly, where I'm thinking about my travel time. And then, if it goes and fits in with the transportation, like, okay, well, we can schedule the transportation through DAV or VA facilities, whatever that may be, they'll pick you up at this time, your appointment's at this time, drop off tentative at this time.

00:48:09.940 **Moderator 1:** Thanks. Would you mind? Now, again, for the sake of time, I'm gonna rush you through here a little bit, so I apologize. But I want to be conscious of your time. Would you mind going down a little bit, and then do you prefer a male or female provider? What would you expect to see in there?

00:48:24.880 **P3:** Similar when we looked at it in the other one was, like, it's male, female, no preference.

00:48:31.010 **Moderator 1:** Alright, why don't…

00:48:31.010 **P3:** We're not gonna use this interview outside of it so that I'll just be a little cheeky and say, I'm glad you don't have, like, 12 different genders in there. There are two and no preference, so I appreciate that. It would confuse me if I saw everything in there.

00:48:41.420 **Moderator 1:** Right.

00:48:43.510 **Moderator 1:** Alright, so… Why don't you click on that for me?

00:48:49.040 **P3:** Male, female, the preference.

00:48:52.230 **Moderator 1:** Let me ask you this question now. Do you think this preference should apply to all medical appointments? Or, would you make a different decision based upon each appointment or type of care you're receiving?

00:49:05.530 **P3:** I thought you were gonna go there, because I was thinking about that as a permutation. Overall, I think if people have a preference, they're gonna have a preference that's kind of… across the board? Versus, like, well, maybe, like, oh, urologist, I want a male doctor, but usually male doctors, or for OBGYN, I want a female doctor. There are those nuances, like, so my wife would prefer, she actually had a male OBGYN that was fantastic, and she had a female one that was fantastic, so she didn't have a preference. I'd say maybe the sensitive medical areas. Like, if you go to an ENT, either you have a preference, or you don't. I'm like, an ENT, are they gonna be able to help so I can breathe, right, and hear, and my ears pop? I don't care if… what… how tall or short they are, like, are they good at their job? Great. And I think, just, I mean, taking a… expanding it, veterans, again, I served in the 82nd, which is the All-American Division, right? So named because there was someone from every state in 1918 was stuck. Tall, short, male, female, what… from whatever state, it doesn't matter, right? Can they do their job? Hopefully, a lot of other veterans feel that way. But it's good to have that preference if it is something sensitive.

00:50:22.910 **Moderator 1:** Now I'm gonna repeat back. Just to make sure I have this properly. Overall, no preference. Your preference is your… whoever's going to get the job done, and then… sometimes there's nuances for… and you would want to be able to express when you have those nuances for, like, an OBGYN or urologist or something like that.

00:50:47.660 **P3:** Yep.

00:50:49.300 **Moderator 1:** Great. Now, again, gonna rush you through… Last question. Is there anything that you would change? In all of them.

00:50:58.210 **P3:** With this, the male-female?

00:51:00.900 **Moderator 1:** About the entire thing, because we only have a minute left, so I'm going to be considerate of your time.

00:51:08.310 **P3:** Overly broad. No, I didn't really see the confirmation screens, but then making sure, like, it's confirmed, like, you know that I've set this preference, making sure that that confirmation screen is there, so I know that the change was made, or updated, or like, thank you for updating your preference, that type of thing. Similar with the set of the contact info, having a path to say, like, do you need to update your contact info, or is this still the most current? Whatever, you know, Rory comes up with, you know, from the content piece, but having those kind of, like, two-for-ones, and then making sure there's that acknowledgement when, you know, change is made, or, like, there's the clicking of it.

00:51:43.400 **Moderator 1:** Well, [REDACTED PII], [REDACTED PII — First Name: Hector], thank you for that. We're all done with the questions, and you can stop your screen sharing, but I want to circle back and reconfirm that you're comfortable if we were to share a video clip of this session with our VA partners.

00:51:56.480 **P3:** Yes.

00:51:58.540 **Moderator 1:** And, is there any part of this discussion you would not want to share in a video clip?

00:52:05.060 **P3:** All good, and the sun is, looking better for you, so I think we're good.

00:52:07.820 **Moderator 1:** Yeah.

00:52:08.620 **Moderator 1:** Thanks, [REDACTED PII]. I feel like I could talk to you all day. So, again, thank you so much for your feedback. Really appreciate you taking your time to share thoughts with us today. Your feedback has been really helpful, and it will be as we continue to work on our site and make sure it works for veterans like yourself. Lastly, Paragane will be sending you a thank you note with a little blurb that you can pass along to other veterans you may know to provide them with a chance to participate in future research studies. But thank you again, and enjoy the rest of your day. Really appreciate talking to you, [REDACTED PII].

00:52:38.540 **P3:** Happy Holidays,

00:52:39.690 **Moderator 1:** same to you. Bye now.

00:52:41.000 **P3:** Yeah.
