# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? Surviving child of a veteran, and I have done these in the past. I helped my mother to get benefits for my father. They thought my mother was in the nursing home with my father. I don’t know if it was easier for them to contact me that way. I helped her through that; my great-aunts were alive when he was in the nursing home, then my brother was the executive of my father. He kept a lot to himself; there was a lot in the nursing home that I didn’t know, and I couldn't ask about it. I am going by memory.   
2. What kind of device are you using today? Laptop  
   * Mobile probe: if Smartphone, ask about any specific challenges they face using government websites on a mobile device.  
1. What web browser do you use? Chrome   
2. Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits? I wrote some notes since I've done a few of these. I am trying to fill in blanks for things I can't get answers for. I don’t know what the VA would tell me. I am the oldest child, but I have read the DIC and what that entitles you to. I know about accrued benefits, and for a while, they were sending me information about VA home loans. Unless I misunderstand, I don’t qualify for that or benefits because, for the survivor benefits, you have to be unmarried, and I was unmarried but divorced. Then disabled at 18 or under 23 years old.   
   * Have you applied for survivor benefits in the past? On behalf of my mom, yes.   
     * Can you tell me about your experience? (when, how, results)  
       * Once you realized you might be eligible for benefits, what was the very first step you took to get started?  
       * Where did you go to find information about what you were entitled to? Online. My mom just turned 90\. After I got that letter, I called the number on the letter, and the woman was snippy. She was almost like, " This money isn’t yours; they wanted to give it to my mom, yes, my brother did call. I don’t know how he found out because it wasn’t sent to him. He was trying to get the money, and they won't talk to him anymore. When my mom got to that point, I helped. My brother also tried to run away with my dad's burial money. My dad and brother were alcoholics. I don’t drink because of that. I went online for VA after they set it up because she isn’t as comfortable with computers as I am. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? I would probably go to VA Health Care and Benefits or search. I don’t see it, maybe family and caregivers first. Survivors' pension would be DIC. Or I could look up here for survivors' benefits. So I would apply for the current VA survivor's pension. That’s where I would start. I would assume that this one, right after the line, applies to the VA Survivor benefit, which is what I would need.   
* Do you understand the difference between Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (DIC), Survivors' Pension, and Accrued Benefits?  
  * If N: can you show me where you would go to find that information?

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  
**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** I think this is very thorough. I should tell you there is someone who conducted the last interviews. I helped create things like this, and I can tell you how a user would navigate this. After I have done a few projects, they're like this, just like PowerPoint, it's not, it's much more involved. I think this is set up very user-friendly for personal and professional use.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.  
The 2fa makes me feel more warm and fuzzy. There's just so much someone can do on your computer these days, and I went through Microsoft, and they told me not to do any banking or anything, even with the computer virus protection. There was a virus that was like ransomware, slowly deteriorating my firewalls. 

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return?  
* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

They are asking for the veterans' information, so that’s not an issue. The birthday is in May, but I think I have the year right. I don't know their SSN, that’s somewhere in my bedroom, buried. Okay it liked that better. Service number, I think I would’ve had it on the letter received. With my mom, there was a file number when they sent it, and when I called because I referenced it. It has been a while. 

* Step 2: Claimant info  
*   
  * Relationship  
    * See, it says adult child under 23\. If I were under 23 and in school, I would click there.   
    * I have no clue; I will make up the SSN. I will put my address because I know she's in a retirement place, and I can't think of that address because I don’t know it by heart.   
      * What was your expectation when you selected 'Other'?  
      * *Navigate back a page and select a different relationship.*  
  * Benefit type (Accrued Benefits)

  Oh, wait, I am doing this for her, I am not the government, I don’t know how this worked out, and can't remember when they got married. I can’t remember. I will just put mine. Oh

    * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*?   
    * Is there any term on this page that feels unfamiliar or confusing?  
    * Do you feel confident that you selected the right benefit type for your situation (DIC vs. Survivors Pension vs. Accrued Benefits)? Why or why not?  
* Step 3: Military history  
* Step 4: Household info  
* Oh, wait, I am doing this for her, I am not the government, I don’t know how this worked out, and I can't remember when they got married. I can’t remember. I will just put mine. Oh

I didn’t expect them to ask how I got married because they can find that out from government records. Wouldn’t it have to be a civil or religious ceremony? How else would you get married? That doesn’t make sense to me so I don’t understand the some other way options.   
I guess I misunderstood the questions, are they talking about the marriage to a veteran or the current marriage. 

* *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
  * Marriage end  
    * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page:  
      * What information would you enter for these fields? Oh, jeeze, I don’t know, should I just put in the date?  
        * Legal status: That’s a weird question to ask, maybe because it's for accurate benefits. If it wasn’t legally valid, then you wouldn’t be entitled to the benefits. That’s just a strange question. I might be overthinking it. Maybe there are things. No because they were divorced.   
      * Why are these weird questions: It's just they are asking why it ended, my dad was a heavy drinker, and that’s why it ended. It was the best for us kids but it’s still hard. It could be medical at that point to because it is an illness. It could be subjective. I will say medical because it is more than that because they would have been married till death if it weren’t for that.   
      * Reason for separation: illness, oh my lord I have no clue  
      * Would your mom have known this for you: yeah. I am trying to think. I'd have to do math in my head. They were separated and divorced for a long time. I don’t know the end date. I would assume because you have to file for a legal separation. Isn’t a legal separation a court order?   
        * How do you feel about the wording of these questions?  
      * Previous marriages  
        * (Throughout flow) How do you feel about the amount of detail being requested here? I don’t know when they were married. Oh, jeeze, I guess people have more than 1 marriage after divorce. I guess they get married as many times as they can. Birth of a child, that would be a medical miracle; she’s way too old for that.   
        * (Throughout flow) Does providing this information raise any concerns for you?  
        * If married at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” pages:  
          * What information would you enter for these fields?  
          * How does the wording of this question feel to you?  
  * *Dependents will see the dependent section only*  
    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?  
  * At that point, I would say no because we are much older.   
* Step 5: Claim info

I think she is getting something like that if I am not mistaken. I'll say yes, oh no, I guess I will say no. I think there’s another form we had to fill out. It’s a senior living, but assistive living was there as well. A nursing home provides total care. 

* Step 6: Financial info

Now, are they asking for the care expense for the veteran that wasn’t paid, or the person who is doing the application? I am not sure because isn’t there another one with survivor's benefits, I forget what it's called, where you file within a year, and it's for burial expenses. I can't think about what they call it or accrued benefits. Are they asking for the care expenses for the veteran you paid for, or for my mom, who wants to be reimbursed?  Okay that aren’t reimbursed. It must be for the veteran because it says last or burial expenses of a spouse or child. Maybe that should be recorded to include the word veterans because I would have been stuck chatting or waiting to pick up the phone, not knowing it would let me here. It looks like they are talking about accrued benefits after I submitted the form or burial/last expenses. It seems like it was aimed at the veteran, but this is for the survivor. I can look at this from both sides, so I look at the user rather than the content creator. That question just didn’t make sense. Not to mention, with something this important, you don’t want to say yes or no without knowing. I checked, but it didn’t state what it was for, but now it makes sense it is for the veterans. 

* There are several alerts in this section that tell participants to obtain supporting documents. If an alert appears, before continuing to the next page, ask:  
  * Please tell me about what you see here.  
    * What information, if any, stands out to you?  
    * What would you do now?  
  * Income and assets  
    * Looking at the information on this page, are there any items you own that you are unsure about including as an asset? You don’t have to tell me what they might be, just a simple “yes” or “no” is fine.  
    * Is there anyone that you aren't sure whether to include in this total?  
    * If you accidentally entered a wrong number, how would you go about correcting it? (Observe error recovery.)  
  * Gross monthly income  
    * (On intro page) After reading the note, how would you decide which income sources to include or exclude?  
    * (On summary page) How comfortable would you feel submitting this income information as it stands right now?  
  * Care and medical expenses  
    * (On intro pages) Are there any costs you've paid that you’re unsure about including here? Why?  
    * (On intro pages) If you weren't sure if an expense qualifies, is there enough information on this screen to help you decide, or would you look elsewhere?  
    * (On summary pages) How certain are you that you haven't missed any eligible expenses?  
    * (At the end of both sections) Is there an expense you've actually paid that doesn't seem to fit into these categories?  
* Step 7: Additional info

I have to remove the work routing. 

* Direct deposit info  
  * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.  
The COD makes sense; they would need a copy of the legal separation and net worth. DIC is based on a financial limit they have, but it is approved by Congress, but they didn’t tell you what it was if they approve it or not. I am sure if you call the VA, they would tell you, but you would need all of this. The COD makes sense, but they contacted us, so they already knew. 

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level? As long as I saw the lock and key and knew it was the official government site. This is just a testing site but I would be okay to upload it knowing it was a secure government site.   
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you? I can review it because there are criminal penalties for withholding information, but if you accidentally enter it, I am sure they’d be fine, but if you did it on purpose, you would get in trouble. They are the government. I don’t know who they are trying to fool.   
* What would you do now?  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete?

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?  

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.  
Then I would submit. I like the application number, and you can check the status and download the PDF to your hard drive. I like that I can print for my record as well. 

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page?  
2. What does this page mean to you?  
3. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
4. What would you do next?  
5. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?"  
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you? I liked the flow; besides that one question, we weren’t sure if it was for the survivors or the veterans. It flowed well, and the questions were straightforward for things you should have. If you are applying, you should have the marriage license, separations/divorce decree. Birth certificates.   
2. It was clear you needed that: Yes  
3. What was unclear or didn't work well for you? That one question that I wasn’t sure how to respond to, the next question answered it and told me what it was asking. They have done a great job on this over the last year. It stands out; there are links if you need to double-check or if you have a question, where you can go. It is very straightforward and easy to work through. Which, if someone just passed your mind, is all over the place, and if you have young children, you are dealing with funerals and expenses, you have a lot on your mind, so it's nice it's clear and concise.   
4. Would you know how to upload the docs: I thought it told me I could upload so I would click on that and the documents I would need to scan them and then save them to my hard drive then upload from there is what I would do. I could scan it with my phone as well, but I live in an apartment, so if I had a stack of documents, I would go to the office to have them scanned and emailed to me, then upload them from my hard drive. I am well-versed on that; no issue for me.   
5. What would you like to change or add?  
6. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know? No, I think I kind of gave good feedback. I mean if you have questions for me. I think it is set up pretty well. 


