# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? A surviving spouse  
   * Thanks for confirming that.  
1. What kind of device are you using today? iMac  
2. What web browser do you use? Safari   
3. I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? Doesn’t matter  
4. What do you know about survivor benefits? In what respect. It has been a few years; he died in 2020, so I have been getting them for 5 years.   
5. Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits?  
   * Can you tell me about your experience? (when, how, results) I don’t remember it being horrible. I was confident getting around va.gov. I know things have changed in the past 5 years and I haven’t looked at in the past 5 years.   
     * Where did you go to find information about what you were entitled to? Just va.gov and searching survivor benefits.   
       * Did you experience any difficulty finding information?” I didn't remember, and at the end of each year, I check to see the COLA update.   
       * Type of application: I can’t remember if it was a pdf I did it online and emailed it back. I do very little paper.   

## User Tasks 

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First, we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? I would go to search and type in survivor benefits.   
  * Prompt: How would you go about finding this specific form on the VA.gov site? Here it says apply for VA survivor benefits.   
  * Note what they would use\*: Google / VA.gov / key words looking/searching for: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
* Do you understand the difference between Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (DIC), Survivors Pension, and Accrued Benefits?  
  * If N: can you show me where you would go to find that information?

\***The new test form is not especially searchable/findable yet on staging, so they may demo their approach \- but reassure them that it may not be effective on the test site. So your results here may not actually surface the form, but I’m interested in how you would go about looking for it**  

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  

**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** Yes, that all makes sense.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.  
(RECORD all feedback on questions, and if they get an alert to provide a supporting document)

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return?  
* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

I am just typing in the name, DOB. Oh, maybe it wants Aug, no, it wanted the 8\. SSN or whatever I put there. I wouldn’t know the file or service number, so continue. The veteran applied but didn’t die on Active duty. DOD. 

* Step 2: Claimant info  
  * Relationship 

  Spouse, then put in my name, DOB, SSN, and continue. I am not a veteran; I am in the US. Continue, my email, it won’t let me, oh wait, there it is. Which benefit do you want me to do. 

    * They need to select anything but **Other** to continue through the form  
    * If they select **Other** and continue to the “This form might not be right for you” page:  
      * What was your expectation when you selected 'Other'?  
      * *Navigate back a page and select a different relationship.*  
  * Benefit type  
    * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*? DIC: he was getting disability so is it a yes. I was married, date of marriage.   
    * Is there any term on this page that feels unfamiliar or confusing?  
    * Do you feel confident that you selected the right benefit type for your situation (DIC vs. Survivors Pension vs. Accrued Benefits)? Why or why not?  
* Step 3: Military history  
* Step 4: Household info  
  * *Surviving spouses will see the marriage and dependent sections*  
    * Marriage end  
      * If married to a veteran at the time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page: enters date. Religious ceremony, yes. End of marriage was his death. I don’t like being able to put in the 0 it just wants the 4\. City Paris, TX. It was legally valid. Lived together continuously except for vacations.   
        * What information would you enter for these fields?  
        * How do you feel about the wording of these questions?  
      * Previous marriages  
        * (Throughout flow) How do you feel about the amount of detail being requested here?  
        * (Throughout flow) Does providing this information raise any concerns for you?  
        * If married at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” pages:  
          * What information would you enter for these fields?  
          * How does the wording of this question feel to you?

Detail: so far up until now it is reasonable. I am not sure why you need to know about my previous marriage, but I am not sure. I was married once before him. I am not sure why you need to know my previous spouse's name. I don’t know why you need to know that. We divorced. He had two previous marriages. I guess that’s because you want to make sure the previous spouse doesn’t have a claim. I can't remember her name. I would not have an idea of when they were married. They divorced. Yeah, I think considering I would be applying not too far after his death, this information would be distressing. I would just say no.   
Wording of questions time of death: that's not a concern. If you are asking about a prior marriage, there needs to be a discussion as to why it is important. Depending on how I am dealing, I might say screw you, it's not your business. I didn’t have a child with him; he had children, but not mine. There are no dependents. 

* *Dependents will see the dependent section only*  
  * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?  
* Step 5: Claim info  
  * If they see DIC benefits page: this would have been helpful before prior marriages. He was in a nursing home. Okay, none of that. So it would be DIC.   
    * On a scale of 1-5, how certain are you that this specific DIC type is the correct benefit for your situation?  
    * What might be unclear to you if anything?  
  * Treatment list and loop  
    * If you were completing this at home right now, would you have this information handy, or would you have to pause the application to find it?

    He went to the Dallas VA. Oh heavens, I have no idea. 

    What would you do to find the information: I would have to go back into his records, so I'd have to go back and sign in to his account for va.gov to look at his blue button report. The last year, for what it's worth, not too excited about how we get records because it is harder. 

    How would you save it for later: it says we’ve saved it a minute ago, so apparently I could leave and come back, that’s my best guess. The Dallas VA saw him up until he went into the nursing home. I would say no because I don’t want to do it again. I am not in a nursing home. 

* Step 6: Financial info  
  No, I don’t have any of those. Medical expenses, (reading page) I don’t have any of those. I assume we aren’t talking about the burial expenses of the veterans. I think those were in separate places. To verify that I would need to finish this later then do some searching for that information. I don’t think I'd need to get into his account, I would just need to do a search. ; let me read that again. He was my spouse so it could be his burial but because I did my research it was one of his benefits not my benefits. I received compensation for his burial, yes.  
  * There are several alerts in this section that tell participants to obtain supporting documents. If an alert appears, before continuing to the next page, ask:  
    * Please tell me about what you see here.  
    * What information, if any, stands out to you?  
    * What would you do now?  
  * Income and assets  
    * Looking at the information on this page, are there any items you own that you are unsure about including as an asset? You don’t have to tell me what they might be, just a simple “yes” or “no” is fine.  
    * Is there anyone that you aren't sure whether to include in this total?  
    * If you accidentally entered a wrong number, how would you go about correcting it? (Observe error recovery.)  
  * Gross monthly income  
    * (On intro page) After reading the note, how would you decide which income sources to include or exclude?  
    * (On summary page) How comfortable would you feel submitting this income information as it stands right now?  
  * Care and medical expenses  
    * (On intro pages) Are there any costs you've paid that you’re unsure about including here? Why?  
    * (On intro pages) If you weren't sure if an expense qualifies, is there enough information on this screen to help you decide, or would you look elsewhere?  
    * (On summary pages) How certain are you that you haven't missed any eligible expenses?  
    * (At the end of both sections) Is there an expense you've actually paid that doesn't seem to fit into these categories?  
* Step 7: Additional info  
  * Direct deposit info

Direct deposit, a bank account, yes. 

* Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Required documents, COD, net worth, medical care. It's good to know if I need it, I have it. No dependent children. Proof of marriage or divorce decrees. I am not sure if it is asking for the divorce decree from my ex-husband. Why do they need that? I know why you need the marriage certificate for my current husband, who passed. I guess you may need that to know if my marriage was legal. If I'm in the grieving process, and window brain is a thing. It should be detailed, easy-to-understand language. It would be beneficial.   

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level?  
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you? Just a quick way to verify the information I put in is correct, and I would go through all of that. Okay. Military history, yeah he got disability. Household, it is just going back over all of the stuff I put in. Then type in my name. Then I would submit it.   
* What would you do now?  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete? I feel confident yes. 

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page?  
2. What does this page mean to you?  
3. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
4. What would you do next?  
5. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?" Very similar.   
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?" I don’t remember because my husband was sick for 4 years. I had done a lot of research before he died. I felt pretty confident in the process. 

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you? Pretty much everything was simple and easy except the date thing. I think that was the only thing that was annoying because as I tried to go through quickly, the standard was always putting the 0 beforehand unless there was a drop-down, so that was a bit awkward.   
2. What was unclear or didn't work well for you?  
3. What would you like to change or add?  I don’t think so, I think it's straightforward. The only issue was prior marriage, but with an explanation, it wouldn’t be so strange.   
4. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know? I don’t think so, I said it as we went along. 

Everything I put in the form was fake; there’s nothing close enough that I could remember what was written, so there’s no issue sharing it. I work with caregivers, and the brain isn’t working well at that time during the loss, so I like and appreciate you trying to make it easier. Just knowing how to get things wasn’t about individuals getting benefits but getting claims and disabilities. Any part of the process you make easier is appreciated.   

