# Notes: 534EZ usability testing (AT session)

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? Surviving child of a veteran, my father past several years ago, and he was in the Air Force a long time ago.   
2. What kind of device are you using today? Mac laptop  
   * Mobile probe: if Smartphone, ask about any specific challenges they face using government websites on a mobile device.  
1. What web browser do you use? Chrome   
2. Assistive tech: I use a text magnifier.   
3. Using it now: I started using it, but I won’t need it much because our confirmation will mostly be verbal. I will use it when going through the prototype.   
4. Experience using AT: Probably in the middle, intermediate. I use it enough to know what I am doing, but I am for sure not an expert.   
5. How long have you used it? I have been using it for 18 months on and off for different things. I don’t get on a lot of these calls; I use them for personal use to read things better.   
6. Shared screen with AT before: I think I have, but it has been a while. I think I did it once; I can remember how it went.  
7. Anything we can do to support you during the session: I can't think of anything.   
8. I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? A link is okay because I can magnify the font and read it.   
9. What do you know about survivor benefits?  
10. Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits? In theory, I have an idea of what it is. It is a benefit that a surviving spouse or children of the veteran or Active-duty member passes onto the family as a benefit for the family, and it carries on.   
    * Have you applied for survivor benefits in the past? I applied for the insurance, USAA. I was able to get that. I guess that’s part of the benefits but that’s about all I understood so far.   
      * Thoughts/concerns for applying: As someone new to this process, what are your immediate thoughts or concerns about applying for VA benefits for the first time? Personal experience dealing with the government: it takes longer than it would outside of the government, but besides that, I have no real reservations about how to do it. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? I haven’t seen this site before, is it new. Um, well, probably click on VA benefits and health care. That’s what I would think. Family and caregivers, I would be under the family one. (reading page) So you pick which one you want. (Reading page) Is it an either-or, all of these benefits, or do you know? 

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  
**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** So I don’t need to read above, follow these steps just below right. (Reading page) Check the eligibility, so you save time, I guess. I personally think you have a login if you do, log in and put your id number or whatever is in, the system should do a lookup for benefits that you could be eligible for, then once you are going through the application process. Instead of clicking and then it’s hit or miss or spending all that time going through prompts that don't apply to me, the program should tell me right away based on the information in the system. If it is based on my dad's record, as it seems, then it should be able to calculate which benefits I am eligible for. If I am entitled to get half of what he got, and he got 1K, I should be getting $500 a month. If it's healthy, it would be there. The program itself, behind the scenes of his record, should be able to tell me. That would make it faster than going through everything. If you go through it all, it would take hours, but if it tells me, it would be half the time. The upload information would be statements from the VA of what benefits he had, and it would support whatever I put in. Is that what that means? I would upload his benefits as documentation of what I would be eligible for. That goes along with what I said earlier, if it figures it out once I put in my dad's information, I would save steps, but that’s okay.   
How would you access the prompt for what happens after you apply: Yeah. The account should be logged in first so that it saves it to the account; if you put it towards the middle or end, you could have filled it out as you go.   
Information you read after signing in: I think you create an ID, so if one of these benefits applies, you can click it to apply.   
A direct line to what you would apply for: right, because signing in with a verified account shouldn't be after the fact; it should be an eligibility check.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.  
 Respondent burden is how long it takes to fill out the form. Okay. Go to the DMV, you have the burden to stand in line and them not call you. Finish this later, will pause this right.   
If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return? That would be the way to do it. If you left it alone, would it time out, and you would have to restart? It says it is saved, and I didn’t do anything, so that’s good. Either way, if I click finish later or do nothing, it still saves it, and I am okay.   
Placement  and clarity: Had I not scrolled, it wouldn’t have been clear, but it is helpful. It would have been good if it said your information is being saved at the top. If you get interrupted by questions or the phone, you know you can go back and not start over again. I think that is important.   
*Note: This form uses conditional logic, certain questions don’t appear on every flow. The following steps highlight key pages where we could prompt participants for feedback.*  
Let’s go on and just talk through your thought process as you go.

* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

I was wondering that to, maybe, maybe not. I don’t know where the records would be, is there a way to look it up?   
SSN required, are the others? The SSN is required, the VA file is if known, and the service number doesn’t say. The other two, besides SSN, are optional, and how it looks. 

* Step 2: Claimant info

Is it all straightforward: yes, nothing confusing. 

* Relationship  
  * They need to select anything but **Other** to continue through form  
    * If they select **Other** and continue to “This form might not be right for you” page:  
      * What was your expectation when you selected 'Other'?  
      * *Navigate back a page and select a different relationship.*  
  * Benefit type: Survivors' pension. 

If I clicked on all three but only entitled to 1, will it flag it so I can't apply? Hem knowing what I  could apply to is the point of creating that user id at the start. 

* In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*?  
  * Is there any term on this page that feels unfamiliar or confusing?  
    * Do you feel confident that you selected the right benefit type for your situation (DIC vs. Survivors Pension vs. Accrued Benefits)? Why or why not?  
* Step 3: Military history  
* Step 4: Household info

Unless you are seriously disabled or really young, you wouldn’t qualify. The dependent would be me, right? Well, that’s what I think because I am the child and the only one that meets the criteria, so that’s what I would put in there. If you weren’t adding this, you could click cancel, and it would remove everything right. Oh yeah, we don’t want to do that.   
Do you think you would be able to read yourself? I mean, probably, I could see getting interrupted and clicking on the wrong button, not realizing what I did. I would hope that works. Did you see that message, telling me to make sure I am connected to the internet? It erased everything. This is a bit different; it says place of birth, and I don’t remember that from before.   
How do they determine if you are physically or mentally disabled before 18 if you are now 60\. Oh, this assumes that someone is filling it out for the child.   
If you put things in all caps its like you are yelling. Oh, this isn’t all caps, it's all darks and asks if you have another dependent child, my mistake.   
(Reading page) 

* *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
  * Marriage end  
    * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page:  
      * What information would you enter for these fields?  
        * How do you feel about the wording of these questions?  
      * Previous marriages  
        * (Throughout flow) How do you feel about the amount of detail being requested here?  
        * (Throughout flow) Does providing this information raise any concerns for you?  
        * If married at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” pages:  
          * What information would you enter for these fields?  
          * How does the wording of this question feel to you?  
  * *Dependents will see dependent section only*  
    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?  
* Step 5: Claim info  
  * If they see DIC benefits page  
    * On a scale of 1-5, how certain are you that this specific DIC type is the correct benefit for your situation?  
    * What might be unclear to you if anything?  
  * Treatment list and loop  
    * If you were completing this at home right now, would you have this information handy, or would you have to pause the application to find it?  
* Step 6: Financial info

This is to determine what your income is, which is a factor to determine what you get. If through Inherence you accumulated a certain amount of money, and if you are disabled, it shouldn’t have a factor on what the government gives you as a benefit. Maybe I am wrong, I don’t know.   
More information needed: It might be here. That’s not really helpful. Income and assets for myself, this isn’t a form for the beneficiary; it’s a form for the caregiver of the person getting the benefits right.   
Is that what that says to you: Well, it says if you are a surviving spouse claimant. If you are a caregiver for the child, you have to report income and assets for you and the children who live with you. It sounds like it is being done on behalf of the child and possibly the spouse. One main caregiver for the spouse and disabled child is what it looks like. There are a lot of hoops to go through; you have to determine if you have custody of the child, but it doesn’t clearly state if the parent who is living is filling it out for the child or who is filling it out. That’s confusing. If the child isn’t in the custody of the surviving spouse or child, then you have to report income/assets for those individuals, but if they are in custody of the government, you don’t need to report their income or assets. Who is the who? Is it the custodian/caregiver, or what? There are a lot of roles that are there, but it doesn’t say who is doing what. If it’s the caregiver, it should say the caregiver of the child isn’t in custody of the child. It could say parent. I would be lost on this. The next part is whether you or your dependents have 25K. Who are they assuming is filling this out?   
There's an assumption of who's filling it out: yeah, you won't know who is filling it out. If you put in your name. I don’t think that’s right.   
(Reading page) So depending on who the who is. So, as we assume it is the guardian, what does it matter if the guardian has kids and a home they own? How does that factor into this? Oh my gosh, another weird thing, asking if it's on more than 2 acres, why would that matter? I think the confusing part is that I am filling it on the assumption I am entitled to get survivor pension or accrued benefits, so why is it asking about my personal information, like being on a farm over 2 acres? Am I ineligible?   
Questions out of the blue: Right, it's not related to getting this benefit. What they should ask for is the information that you are related to that person, regardless of the property owned or the money you have. The distribution should be the same. If I were wealthy, does that mean I wouldn’t get anything, even though by filling this out, it looks like I am entitled to something? We will go with that it is not marketable meaning you can’t sell it. I don’t understand why.  
If you had to fill out the other form 21P-0969, would that make sense? Yeah, you would need to fill it out and download it.   
At this point in the process, I would think it was ridiculous. I would make an appointment at the VA to do it in person because this isn’t easy to figure out. Okay, so you have to fill out the form, but it doesn’t give you the link. I guess this is it.   
What would you do at this point? I don’t know exactly, but I would try to bypass it since I don’t understand it.   
This assumes the child is disabled and needs help. Okay. We still don’t know who's filling this out, so.   
Were you unable to see the first question on this page and the prior page? Yeah, but it let me bypass it even though it says required for some reason.   
So, assuming this was in the past, for when it started. Okay, I don’t see anything required there. 

* Step 7: Additional info  
  * Direct deposit info:   
    * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.  
Okay, so it's asking for the certificate of death, this one's easy to get. Let's see what the DD214 is. 

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level?  
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you? You have completed all of the information that was required, and if there's an error, you would be prompted to go back. 

Statement of truth, alright.   
How you go back: There should be a pop-up that tells you there's an error, but assuming that we got through, there shouldn’t be anything that pops up.   
Did you see it's called the review page, and how to review it? It says review, but where do you do that? I guess the plus marks. I didn’t really want to do that. When you do your taxes, it scans everything, and if there’s an error prior to submitting, it will tell you where the error is. I want the system to tell me the error, without having to figure it out myself. To go through all of those forms and entries, unless it is in red, it would take a lot of time.   
Let's see if I can check the status. It was just submitted. It says they need contact information, but I've put that in many times. 

* What would you do now?  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete?

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?  

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page?  
2. What does this page mean to you?  
3. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
4. What would you do next?  
5. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview
 
**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?"  
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you? The beginning was straightforward.   
2. What was unclear or didn't work well for you? As a surviving dependent, it should have been related to me, but toward the middle and end, it was confusing as to who was doing what. The roles kinda changed. At some point, it felt like the other parent was doing the form or conservator. It was really never defined, but we could bypass sections even though that’s not the right way to do it, since when the VA reviews it, they will end up sending it back, saying we missed sections, and go back to fill it out.   
3. What would you like to change or add? I would like it to error out a section where it was incorrect information or pass things. If it lets me pass, I assume that I did it right.   
4. More guidance: right on page three, question 30 is where the mistake is. Just take me there, or don’t let me go on to the next until it is fixed. Otherwise, you will have whoever processes the form go through and basically have to do more than they should.   
5. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know? The screen magnifier made it readable. I think clarification on the documents to upload is important, and validating the format of the document is correct. When I fill out different forms, they ask for an upload, and if it's in a PDF instead of an X file, the system doesn’t like it, they want it in one way or have a note saying all formats are accepted. 

Where would you go to the documents needed: At the time of uploading documents, give you a pull-down list that could be uploaded to check which you are uploading. Military or social security statement, you click on it and upload it. It would also tell you the type of format it would need to be in.  
How did you know which documents you needed for this form: if it prompted you based on what you put in so far. It would tell you that you need or upload the military statement or bank stub. You would know it would need to be uploaded. It would tell you exactly what to upload and if it doesn’t then you might not upload the right information.   
