# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Surviving spouse of a veteran.  
   * Thanks for confirming that.  
2. What kind of device are you using today? iPhone  
   * Mobile probe: if Smartphone, ask about any specific challenges they face using government websites on a mobile device: No, typically it is easier to use the mobile device instead of computer and I don’t know why that is.   
3. What web browser do you use? Safari   
4. I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? Chat.   
5. What do you know about survivor benefits?  
6. Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits? I know that the VA makes it hard, and they don’t tell you what you are and are not qualified for. When you apply it to a pile of paperwork, and you can't really do it online, so you have to go in, and it makes you want to throw your hands up in the air and say I give. The hoops and time it takes is frustrating. They expect that you know what the VA does and has. I don’t work there; I am just the spouse, and it’s a crap shoot. Half the people who do it probably don’t know that they could apply or could be eligible. They don’t do that. I am nosy and have a lot of military people, so I dug. When your spouse dies, you won't think of it, but there goes half the income, and you are trying to figure it out. I just figured it out on my own and asked around, but some people don’t have people like that to say that. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? To start looking it up. I would tap get started and go with family members. I think that's probably it, so I will hit that. Okay benefits. I think here what you are after, I would go to survivor's pension and DIC.   
* Navigate until you found it: Yes. That took me there. The other thing here, I don’t know if the VA told you this, but they lock you out of the system once the Veteran dies. You have to call a lot of people, go to an office, and fill out papers in the midst of your tragedy.   
* Did you have your own or use your spouse's: I would sign in under my husband's because I managed everything for his doctors/meds/benefits.   
* Once he’s out of the system, you can’t log in: yeah, you can't log in as him, and they are really hard to deal with.   
* 

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  

**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?**  (reading page) okay. I can click that first one to see if I were eligible if I didn’t know, the second one as well. Do you want me to click those or just keep reading? (Reading page) You can learn more about what you may need. Okay, what happens after you apply? That makes perfect sense, but that setup, why don’t they have 1 button, then you fill it out, and then they tell you what you are eligible instead of having to fill out multiple? Just have one form, then they tell you what you are eligible for. Why make it so hard on the surviving spouse? Yes, this makes sense, sorry.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return?  
* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

I am just making up names. DOB lets go 0851950\. Continue.  Okay, so the social.  Don’t know the VA file number and have no clue what the service number is. It should have an information button to click to explain it. I don’t know those two things, so I will click continue. Yes, because he is a veteran and used to get veteran services. In this case, he did not die on active duty. Date of death okay lets go with 752025\. 

* Step 2: Claimant info

I am the surviving spouse, I don’t have a child under 18, but if I did, if I were the spouse and child under 18, why can't I do it both at once? Or if I have college kids and little kids, and maybe a disabled child, I may have to file this 4 times. The claimant isn’t clear if you have multiple roles. We are just going to go with the top one for now. DOB, I can't remember what I gave him, so I'll just make another one up. Why am I filing out a SSN all over again?   
Does the veteran's and claimants' information differ? Somehow, I didn’t read that part  
Would it help to use different words or explain it differently? Okay, claimants' names and dates of birth. I guess I would be the claimant, but if I am doing it for the kids, they would also make a claim.  
Role unclear: Right. Or what if I am claiming for my three-year-old, whose name I put. Its kinda hard. If you could do multiple at once, and then when you go to this screen, it should prompt for the kid's name, college kid, or disabled kid. Just put it all together.   
I am not a veteran, but if I were, would it make a difference? This is my mailing address and I don’t have one outside the US. Okay, so then you need to put an email. Okay. Phone number.  

* Benefit type  
  * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*? I guess I will pick DIC. That’s good, I can pick all three of those instead of doing it three times.   
    * Is there any term on this page that feels unfamiliar or confusing?  
    * Do you feel confident that you selected the right benefit type for your situation (DIC vs. Survivors Pension vs. Accrued Benefits)? Why or why not?  
* Step 3: Military history

(Reading page) If you were married to the veteran at their time of death, that’s always stupid to me, but I guess there are people who aren’t married or divorced who would file for this. 

* Step 4: Household info

Okay. 

* *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
  * Marriage end  
    * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page: I don’t like that. Because my marriage didn’t end when they died. This is disrespectful. I don’t like it.   
      * What do you prefer here/change of wording: If you go back, how did the marriage end? Spouse's death, there shouldn’t be this screen. It should only have this screen if they clicked divorced. My marriage didn’t end; he just died on me. If I want to get remarried, I just don’t need to get divorced because he's dead.

Legally valid, that’s a different question. Well, this is tricky because what if the veteran is deployed? What would you put? My veteran was in a nursing home. I will put yes and continue.   
Remarried is a valid question; I get asked that a lot. You have to be on their benefits as a spouse. Married prior, yes, because that’s normal. 

* Previous marriages  
  * (Throughout flow) How do you feel about the amount of detail being requested here? Interesting, I have never gotten those questions. Can I just say no so we don’t need to deal with that.   
  * *Dependents will see the dependent section only*

  No for expecting. Children during marriage. This is where the children come into play from that other screen because now it's asking me the same thing. I could just put it here. She's a New Year's baby, so let's make her that. She was recently born. Yeah.  Again, this takes me to the first screen if you had a kid in college. Technically, no, because they are renting in school or are disabled, she's not married, she's 2-3 years old, and lives with me. 

    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?  
* Step 5: Claim info

See why they are asking me this; they should tell me. I don’t know what these are, I could read about it, but still, it's not all black/white. Some of it may be applicable to you, and some may not. Really, in the heat of the moment, I may or may not have the brain power. Just tell me the answer because right now it's just hard. Its to complicated for a widower or widow. It's just too hard. 

* If they see DIC benefits page  
  * On a scale of 1-5, how certain are you that this specific DIC type is the correct benefit for your situation?  
    * What might be unclear to you if anything?  
  * Treatment list and loop

  Okay. Yes. A drop-down here would be good to populate. I mean the treatment date, they are particular and if the date isn’t right, you just have to start all over again. You may not remember the beginning date. 

  If you had to find it, what would you do? I would have to go through my paper file to see. The doctor appointments aren’t there; if I had to get into the VA thing, I wouldn’t be able to find it. For emails, I might be able to find it if I saved them. 

  How would you pause the application to find it: I could either cancel adding the VA medical center or finish the application later, but they are the VA, they should know this. The records they keep are incredible. They keep notes about everything, even about when you call in, what you said, and the manner in which it was said, or what happened during the VA visit. They should have all of this. 

  (Reading page) Okay, so now they want to know if I am disabled and in a nursing home. I have never been asked that before, and if I were, does that get me something else? 

    * If you were completing this at home right now, would you have this information handy, or would you have to pause the application to find it?  
* Step 6: Financial info

See, and I don’t understand why if I am disabled, that may give me false hope that they will help with expenses. This is a bit confusing because they were asking about me and not they are assigning about recurring meetings but then burial expenses. You have to give them that information because you get a small stipend for that.   
Different expenses on one screen make it unclear in reference to what it is for: yeah, like, who are we talking about at this point? 

* Step 7: Additional info  
  * Direct deposit info: Okay, yes.   
    * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.  
Okay, supporting documents. Okay, so you can just upload them all. What would be nice here is if all of the documents from here were there that had it, then I could upload next to the prompt. Otherwise, I would be going back and forth to ensure I uploaded everything I needed.   

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.  
(Reading page) Okay. Oh, and statement of truth.   
Does this make sense: Yes, and I like that I can click to check the information in case I messed up children's birthdays or fat-fingered something. If it's wrong, it gets kicked out, and you have to restart, so I like to double-check. It's good that it caught. I gave it the wrong name. 

* What does this mean to you?  
* What would you do now?  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete? Yeah, I am confident that it's done and I can download the copy for my file for follow-up. You can print the confirmation number, and yeah, I feel confident it's done, and I like those options. 

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?  

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.  
It would be nice right here it says it can take 30 days for them to receive the form, that’s crazy train because its electronic. It's gonna take them 30 days. How long will it take to hear from them? How will they contact me? If not, what number do I call, because there are only 100 of those? 

1. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?" about the same, easy. It went smoothly and didn’t time out on me.   
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you? The flow was good, it went in order and wasn’t jumping around on me with questions. I answer one, and it kicks me to the next.   
2. What was unclear or didn't work well for you? Just the questions that weren’t clear and the beginning for all the things you could apply for and who you are applying for.   
3. What would you like to change or add?  
4. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know?


