# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? Surviving Spouse  
   * Thanks for confirming that.  
1. What kind of device are you using today? Laptop  
   * Mobile probe: if Smartphone, ask about any specific challenges they face using government websites on a mobile device.  
1. What web browser do you use? Chrome   
2. I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? Chat, yes, that’s fine  
3. What do you know about survivor benefits?/ Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits? MM. I believe the benefit is called DIC. Um, I can have a veteran service officer help when applying for it. I had someone help me apply. I think it was hard to find a Vso first to get on the list for availability, but once I found a representative, it was okay.   
4. Gathering information exterior: it was tough because I had to sift through folders and files that were not clear to me. The representative was able to give me some clues. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? It has been a while since I have been on here. I would search the keywords. It would help to spell it correctly. At a website I am not familiar with or haven’t used in a while, I would start with search. 

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  
**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** I should be able to do all of it if I have the documents. I might have to pause. I don’t think I would do this all in 1 sitting because of the information-gathering part. I was looking for a way or to see if there’s a way to save it in the middle of the steps.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.  
That that I am signed in I see where I can start. 

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return? I guess there's no save button, but hopefully it doesn’t time out. If I try to finish it this session, yeah, hopefully it doesn’t time out. Oh yeah, right here it says it is saved.   
* Finish this later, hard to see: I mean, you can auto save it without making people manually do. If it has to be here, it would help if it were bigger. 

*Note: This form uses conditional logic; certain questions don’t appear on every flow. The following steps highlight key pages where we could prompt participants for feedback.*  
Let’s go on and just talk through your thought process as you go.

* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

I would put in my name or just make it up. Hit next. I could find their SSN on their DD214. I don’t think there's a VA file number or service number I have seen on the papers. I see it updated with the time. That’s good. 

* Step 2: Claimant info

At least it has fail-safes in place. Sorry, I am just testing.  Okay, so it will restrict me to the US. Oh, never mind. Okay, so if I am telling here that I get mail outside of the US, it should remove the US here, but it stays there.  Okay, so I guess we found that error. Oh, that’s good, I know the country digits, and this looks like it is good. 

* Benefit type  
  * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*? DIC pathway  
* Step 3: Military history  
* Step 4: Household info

Hopefully, it works for veterans or spouses who don’t live in the US. That’s why I am trying different ways.   
N/A for marriage end: I just wanted to see if it would let me go through.   
It is clear that I wish I had known the form prior to it being online. I don't remember what's all on there. I could give better feedback if I saw the paper versus the online form. I think any government form looks like it is pretty standard on the questions that are required so far.   
I made up the DOB and it tells you at the age of 23 but the age I put is way before 23, That’s interesting. I feel like the child's DOB would have put the child older than the Veteran. It shouldn’t have let me go through with the DOB. 

* *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
  * Marriage end  
    * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page:  
      * What information would you enter for these fields?  
        * How do you feel about the wording of these questions?  
      * Previous marriages  
        * (Throughout flow) How do you feel about the amount of detail being requested here?  
        * (Throughout flow) Does providing this information raise any concerns for you?  
        * If married at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” pages:  
          * What information would you enter for these fields?  
          * How does the wording of this question feel to you?  
  * *Dependents will see the dependent section only*  
    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?  
* Step 5: Claim info

(Reading Page) Okay, because I don’t know what those two mean, so I would read those first.   
Makes sense: Yeah, I think so, for my situation. Her death, probably. I am trying to think of other veterans to see if they are missing anything. If I were doing this, I would read more into the laws. This part would have me not finish and take a day to read the information. I think submitting it without understanding wouldn’t have a good result, or this is where the VSO would come in and help me. 

* Treatment list and loop

  For some reason, it thinks I am typing up there instead of in the box.

  * If you were completing this at home right now, would you have this information handy, or would you have to pause the application to find it?  
* Step 6: Financial info  
  * There are several alerts in this section that tell participants to obtain supporting documents. If an alert appears, before continuing to the next page, ask:  
    * Please tell me about what you see here.  
    * What information, if any, stands out to you?  
    * What would you do now?  
  * Income and assets  
    * Looking at the information on this page, are there any items you own that you are unsure about including as an asset? You don’t have to tell me what they might be, just a simple “yes” or “no” is fine.  
    * Is there anyone that you aren't sure whether to include in this total?  
    * If you accidentally entered a wrong number, how would you go about correcting it? (Observe error recovery.)  
  * Gross monthly income  
    * (On intro page) After reading the note, how would you decide which income sources to include or exclude?  
    * (On summary page) How comfortable would you feel submitting this income information as it stands right now?  
  * Care and medical expenses  
    * (On intro pages) Are there any costs you've paid that you’re unsure about including here? Why?  
    * (On intro pages) If you weren't sure if an expense qualifies, is there enough information on this screen to help you decide, or would you look elsewhere?  
    * (On summary pages) How certain are you that you haven't missed any eligible expenses?  
    * (At the end of both sections) Is there an expense you've actually paid that doesn't seem to fit into these categories?  
* Step 7: Additional info  
  * Direct deposit info  
    * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level?  
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you?  
* What would you do now?  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete?

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?  
* 

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page?  
2. What does this page mean to you?  
3. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
4. What would you do next?  
5. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?" Um its very, it feels broken down part by part as the form. When I did it with the VSO, it was paper, and they'd ask questions and write it down. I feel like I could’ve done it myself if I had some guidance or had the information needed.  
2. Guided electronically what you would need or what was helpful: Yeah, up to the current step we were at, yes, I think so. If there were legal terms, I would need more, such as a link to read about it on another tab without leaving the application.   
3. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you? Yeah, it was less overwhelming. The design, and I guess not letting me jump to the next section until all required fields are completed. If it lets me go to the next step, and the previous step was incomplete, I might not review it.   
2. What was unclear or didn't work well for you? Um. I will say I have vision issues at times. If the website had an ADD feature, I would use that.   
3. Do you use AT: I use a magnifier, yes.   
4. Font or color issues: No, it was more like the option button if needed. There is external software if I need it. I was hoping there would be one government site that makes it compliant, but some sites have a button on the side to use.   
5. What would you like to change or add? Probably each step of a question, I would say if you are stuck, there should be a number for customer service enlarged on the side. I was looking for an application number to reference if I were to call. I don’t even know the 800 number if they are able to see unfinished applications. I was hoping they could see what step I am on as well.   
6. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know? No, that’s it. I am glad that this application is headed in this direction. Also, I would like to see if A VSO could see this as well. If I started it on my own, I think a representative should get a copy or notification as well.   
7. If there was draft mode id rather get help before submitting it because its out of the VSO hands because it goes to the reviewer, its harder to fix at that point. 
