# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? child of a Veteran  
2. What kind of device are you using today? Computer   
3. What web browser do you use? Safari   
4. I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? I could dictate it to you or put it in the Zoom chat.  
5. What do you know about survivor benefits?  
6. Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits?  
   * Have you applied for survivor benefits in the past? I am and now I am more so. My mom did them for me. There is a number to call, and that much I do know.   
     * Can you tell me about your experience? It went okay. With my mom, it was okay, but at the time, with my father passing, it was difficult because of all of the information you needed./ It was a bit challenging, but we got through it.  
     * Have materials needed: They are not readily available as they were before. It’s the build-up. Of course, at first it's like what do I do but when there are more resources, it provides more information and less of a challenge. Just getting all of the information, you are already dealing with grief. It is triggering with that, I do remember that, but having all of your ducks in a row. If anyone asked me, I would say have all of your ducks in a row and your information plus more. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? Search survivor benefits. Last time it was for education to see how I would sign up for that, and when my mom did it for me when my dad died, to get benefits to help raise me. I think she just called and provided the information to the VA rep that she had to go see and take everything with her. 

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!) 

**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** It is telling you to check eligibility requirements. Alright. (Reading page) Okay, there's a link that you can use to see if you are eligible. That’s great. There are different benefits. Okay, that is self-explanatory. So there's a self-explanatory link so you can be more prepared for the information you’ll need. I would print this out and use it as a checklist. Then sign in.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return?

*Note: This form uses conditional logic, certain questions don’t appear on every flow. The following steps highlight key pages where we could prompt participants for feedback.*  
Let’s go on and just talk through your thought process as you go.

* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

Okay. Birth year okay. Then continue. VA file number, if known if you know it, just skip. Would that be the link to my father? I don’t know it by hand. So, SSN is required, and the other two are not. 

* Step 2: Claimant info

So they are asking me for my name again.   
This is the veteran information: Okay.   
Would it help if it stood out more? I would say, but I just missed it; I assumed it would be my name. That's where my mind is going faster.   
This is where claimants SSN goes, got it. Okay, mailing address here, let me make sure it's right, and I am not jumping ahead. Any email. 

* Benefit type  
  * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*? DIC path  
* Step 3: Military history

I will have to make this up because I just don’t remember. Well, the final release from active duty was when they died, I guess. Veterans' place of last separation, would that be where they were stationed? I just don’t know. Does this mean the National Guard, then? It won't let me click no. There we go. A name typically only has 1 name, whereas a woman may have 2 since marriage. Oh, women go through it, you think a man just sticks with their name. 

* Step 4: Household info

Dependent children, are they asking how many are there in my household or in someone's household? People have kids from different places. I don’t know. Okay, so just one. Okay, if you are frustrated and want to say it for later, you can.   
How does this feel to you: Yeah, it feels smooth so far. Then, at the top, it tells me it is 4 of 8\. Okay, only 4 more pages to go. City is required. State. Veterans relationship to the child. 

* *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
  * Marriage end  
    * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page:  
      * What information would you enter for these fields?  
        * How do you feel about the wording of these questions?  
      * Previous marriages  
        * (Throughout flow) How do you feel about the amount of detail being requested here?  
        * (Throughout flow) Does providing this information raise any concerns for you?  
        * If married at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” pages:  
          * What information would you enter for these fields?  
          * How does the wording of this question feel to you?  
  * *Dependents will see dependent section only*  
    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?  
* Step 5: Claim info

Here we go, here let me see. SO if I have any questions on these, I can just click under here to find out more. Yupp. That just totally takes you to a different screen instead. I guess it is too much information to fit on one page. It opened a new tab. That could be confusing. 

* Treatment list and loop

  With that, someone dying in Vietnam, you wouldn’t know, you would just click no. 

  It says over 23 with serious disability. I have never heard of that. I just thought that after you're an adult (18), it's over. 

* Step 6: Financial info

Now my thing is, I answered no to these, so there shouldn’t be another question for that.   
Does that sound like the same thing? Yes.   
(Reading page) They asked for a nursing home back there, and now it's asking me again. This is a relief because it says they’ve saved the application, and then you have to start all over again. There's an assurance that it is being saved. I am curious how to report monthly expenses. My mind was curious, so I looked. It may be something I need for another veteran I know who may need it. It doesn’t affect me, but I care about Veterans, and they always ask me, and they don’t know how to do this. 

* Step 7: Additional info

(Reading page) I am going to read what if I don’t have a bank account. I do, but I just want to read it. I never knew they had a Veterans Benefit Banking program.  
Did you know that: No, but I always ask questions. It never hurts to ask. 

* Direct deposit info  
  * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.  
Yes, the DD214, and I think it might be called something else as well. I have it in my notes. (reading page) I see it here, child over 18 but under 23 needs approval based on school attendance, and you can get the form right there. Okay. Here is where you and upload it and it would be something in my folder. 

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level?  
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you? Okay, so you can go back and look. If you have any questions, I would go back and double-check to see. It's already a hurry-up-and-wait process, so if I am able to correct something before it's in, they don’t need to tell me I didn’t do something. You don’t catch everything but if you can catch some by going through again you can edit it and update it.   
* Comfortable submitting to VA: Yes  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete? Yes, and I would download this copy of the form and put it in the folder in case they have questions or if I forget something, then go back to see it and add what I need. I am more visual. 

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?  

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.  
I will probably get an email that they received the application, and hopefully, it will be like a file number or something, so when you visit the VA to ask about the application and status. If you have trouble using the VA form, here’s the number. Theres the confirmation number. This page I would print it out or for me I make it into a PDF and place it in my files so I can always go back to it.   

If I don’t track things then for me I don’t trust the system. I let the system work for me to by abilities. I put everything in a folder. I would label it as Ophrys DIC pension and always go back to it to find the information. 

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page?  
2. What does this page mean to you?  
3. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
4. What would you do next?  
5. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?" A lot of things get better in time. I don’t know if you have had those years and years, you could have to understand the process. You listen when they call into the VA about what's not working. I find these sessions to be beneficial because you are gathering research and people's thoughts. Are they looking for facial expressions and where is she frustrated? I have so many screens, but as far as the actual site, I find it to be user-friendly. I find it to speak into my listening not way out there, and if I have questions to understand it, they have the dropdowns for me to look it up, or if I am curious. The benefit could be to my advantage and the drop downs let me see it.   
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you?  
2. What was unclear or didn't work well for you? Not really, just the nursing home aspect was redundant. Other than that, it was straightforward. I like that it lets you know what page you are on. I like the green boxes letting them know it's saved. Doing all of this, families are already going through a lot. You are dealing with emotional things, and you don’t want to add more frustration to it.   
3. What would you like to change or add?  
4. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know? I am glad I found the number because I like to follow up. I am the type of person who feels like a number at times, but when following up and speaking to someone after a few days. They did say 30 days, but I would call a week later to make sure they have it and confirm the confirmation number to make sure it went through, because things can get lost. I like the number in case someone has an issue with the form, you have the option to ask for help. Boldly they say they are there 24/7. When doing this, you give people the ability to feel vulnerable and how to ensure they are getting on the right path. With the VA, they have to care and to know family are going through things. 
