# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? Surviving spouse  
2. What kind of device are you using today? Laptop  
3. What web browser do you use? Chrome  
4.  I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? Zoom chat.  
5. What do you know about survivor benefits?/Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits? So I obtained them using a VSO to guide me through the forms and material I needed.   
   * Have you applied for survivor benefits in the past?   
     * Can you tell me about your experience? (when, how, results) It was raw, a lot of forms, and very overwhelming. I didn’t know what forms were needed, so they guided me through it.   
       * Where did you go to find information about what you were entitled to? I didn’t know where to start. The pension and yeah.   
       * Did you experience any difficulty finding information?” I didn’t know where to start.   
       * Were there any aspects of that application experience, positive or negative, that stand out in your memory? They were very understanding when I was speaking to them, you know, a human, so yeah. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? Create an account first, probably, it has ID. Me, should I log in?   
* Do you understand the difference between Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (DIC), Survivors Pension, and Accrued Benefits? Yes.   
  * If N: can you show me where you would go to find that information? Pension, how to apply. Then, apply online from here or download this form. This reminds me of the FAFSA website; everyone fills that out, so I am used to it. 

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  
**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** I like that it is numbers, so what steps you need first. Should I click them. This is helpful because sometimes you don’t know what you need before you apply. I like this because it shows what you are applying for, because sometimes you are filling out forms and don’t know what it is. They just gave me forms, and I wasn’t sure what they were for. Not enough explanation, or you don’t know the list of things you should apply for. It is very clear what steps you need before you can apply, and I like that it uses ID me because that saves time.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return?

*Note: This form uses conditional logic; certain questions don’t appear on every flow. The following steps highlight key pages where we could prompt participants for feedback.*  
Let’s go on and just talk through your thought process as you go.

* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

Name and DOB. So far it is pretty smooth. 

* Step 2: Claimant info

I like that there aren’t many questions per page. There is less things to focus on. If it were the full form, you would need to go little by little to reach. It is easier to check when there are only a few questions per page. 

* Benefit type  
  * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*? DIC. They should have an explanation of each one when you hover over it. When I started it, I thought these were the same.   
* Step 3: Military history  
* Step 4: Household info  
  * *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
    * Marriage end  
      * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page: Did I click the wrong thing because its asking when the marriage end. I got confused because there was a divorce question, then this.   
        * How do you feel about the wording of these questions? This feels a little off, it seems like very cold.   
  * *Dependents will see dependent section only*  
    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?  
* Step 5: Claim info

Oh we are just doing DIC.   
Would this have been helpful when you filled it out? I don’t remember these until Title 38 and the PACT Act. I thought there was only 1\. 

* Treatment list and loop

  Should I just make up things for the dates. 

  Would you have this or need to pause: I would need to pause or go through his accounts. 

* Step 6: Financial info

Oh I see. 

* There are several alerts in this section that tell participants to obtain supporting documents. If an alert appears, before continuing to the next page, ask:  
  * Please tell me about what you see here.  
    * What information, if any, stands out to you?  
    * What would you do now?  
  * Income and assets  
    * Looking at the information on this page, are there any items you own that you are unsure about including as an asset? You don’t have to tell me what they might be, just a simple “yes” or “no” is fine.  
    * Is there anyone that you aren't sure whether to include in this total?  
    * If you accidentally entered a wrong number, how would you go about correcting it? (Observe error recovery.)  
  * Gross monthly income  
    * (On intro page) After reading the note, how would you decide which income sources to include or exclude?  
    * (On summary page) How comfortable would you feel submitting this income information as it stands right now?  
  * Care and medical expenses  
    * (On intro pages) Are there any costs you've paid that you’re unsure about including here? Why?  
    * (On intro pages) If you weren't sure if an expense qualifies, is there enough information on this screen to help you decide, or would you look elsewhere?  
    * (On summary pages) How certain are you that you haven't missed any eligible expenses?  
    * (At the end of both sections) Is there an expense you've actually paid that doesn't seem to fit into these categories?  
* Step 7: Additional info  
  * Direct deposit info  
    * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.  

I would have all of these documents instead of going back and forth and you can upload here so that’s easy. It is better that you don’t need to finish it the same day. I see finish this application later. 

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level?  
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you? Um, it is a good, easy review of what was filled out, and it was divided easily to see.   
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete? Well, now I feel like it is easy, but if you do it in person, it feels rushed and pressured to get done to get out of the way. This looks easy and has a checklist to do.   
* Online, enough information: yes, I think so, because you are pressured in person just to give all of the information, not to waste their time. I felt that way when I did it. They were nice, though.   
* Very thorough. 

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page? That the form can take up to 30 days to check the status here. It doesn’t tell you what stage you are at.   
2. Did to be clear where to find it: Yes, and what stage it is at. 

Oh, I could print this page because you can't access it later. Do you need me to do anything with this page. 

1. What does this page mean to you?  
2. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
3. What would you do next?  
4. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit? No, the language was fine to me. I Don’t think so. 

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?"  
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you? I like that it went slowly and at my own pace.   
2. What was unclear or didn't work well for you? Um just maybe the end but I think it’s the prototype where I can't see the status  
3. Expectations: I would like to see it processing, just for assurance.   
4. What would you like to change or add? I can’t think of anything to add.   
5. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know? It was easy and everything could be don’t online, I didn’t have issues filling anything out. Maybe the deadline when you apply for DIC, I didn’t see it there. Some people take their time doing this.   
6. Is there a deadline: yeah when I had to apply.
