# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? Surviving spouse, my wife and I are 100 percent through the VA and 4th generation veterans, it runs deep.   
2. What kind of device are you using today? Dell Laptop  
   * Mobile probe: if Smartphone, ask about any specific challenges they face using government websites on a mobile device.  
1. What web browser do you use? Chrome   
2. I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? Well, the chat window is open, so that’s okay.   
3. Are you familiar with how to get survivor benefits?/ Have you applied for survivor benefits in the past? If it is through the VSO, there's that, or you have the funeral home director, then the CHAMPVA side, which I have used to assist with the Presidential certificate and headstone emblem. I have helped people do that because they didn’t go through the VSO.   
   * Can you tell me about your experience? (when, how, results)  
     * Once you realized you might be eligible for benefits, what was the very first step you took to get started? For myself, it was me. If that is me, I would be under Chapter 35 because she is 100 percent disabled through the VA standard for compensation and pension. It falls under the survivor's benefit.   
       * Where did you go to find information about what you were entitled to?  
       * Did you experience any difficulty finding information? Um, it was average. If it is difficult, you just take a step back and redo your wording. Easy was understanding the information and providing as much as you could at that given time. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? Well, you have the search bar here, or if you already have an account, you can log in. Search survivor benefits.   
* Search first go to: Yes. If it were just me. I am sure the VSO would have all of this provided.   
* Comments or feedback: I guess current is the keyword there. I would apply. The actual question was how to apply, Clicks on the link. That’s a must, the discharge papers. The wife and I already have to be buried in a veteran cemetery, so that wouldn’t need to happen; there's CHAMPAVA.   
* Something like this is helpful before you click apply: Yeah, I would want to know what is available. 

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  
**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** I know these right here would fall under the education benefits, and if there are minors, the chapter covers up until 26 if still in school. CHAMPVA lets them have medical if they are in school, but if they aren’t, then they don’t qualify.   
Familiar with benefits: yes, for my own peace of mind and in case I need to help someone. The hardest thing is gathering information because some veterans don't have it or don’t have it filed in their house. Especially if you are a spouse, they are already in a traumatic event, and the last thing they want to do is search for a piece of paper. Other than that, the wording is legitimate. You just have to accept the lingo; if you are intimidated by the lingo, you are already stuck. Increase benefits on aid and attendance or being housebound. Like, does that increase benefits, or does the stuff stay up? It seems like it would stop because the veteran is deceased.   
More explanation: yes, for that one benefits. I see accurate as the headstone, casket, etc. DIC is education.   
Comfortable with the terms: Yes, for being experienced with it, but for a first time, probably not.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return?

*Note: This form uses conditional logic; certain questions don’t appear on every flow. The following steps highlight key pages where we could prompt participants for feedback.*  
Let’s go on and just talk through your thought process as you go.

* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

Today’s date. The VA file number is from pre-Desert Storm to the tail end of Vietnam. SSN and File number are the same. (reading page) 

* Step 2: Claimant info

Let's go with the surviving spouse. This would be the spouse's information. Let's make them a month apart. Alright. Hopefully, no one has one. Claimant is a veteran, sure. Mail outside of the US, no. I am guessing. This is really plain. 

* Benefit type  
  * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*? DIC  
* Step 3: Military history

(Reading page) We got married in Germany, so I will role-play it. Is the courthouse civil? 

* Step 4: Household info  
  * *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
    * Marriage end: does this mean divorce. Oh alright.   
      * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your   
      * How do you feel about the wording of these questions? That was unclear. When and where did it end? I had to read further. If their death was the end, it would be their death date. I guess death do us part. It’s a weird, why would VA do that?   
    * Previous marriages  
      * (Throughout flow) How do you feel about the amount of detail being requested here?  
      * (Throughout flow) Does providing this information raise any concerns for you?  
      * If married at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” pages:  
        * What information would you enter for these fields?  
        * How does the wording of this question feel to you?  
  * *Dependents will see dependent section only*  
    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section?

(Reading page) Checked who we consider a dependent child since it is offered. There's the disabled section. I would have to choose 1 because I have 1 that is 24 and one that is 17\. Just role-playing. This is the other character I wrote about. Okay. (Reading page) Let's see what they consider a disabled adult child. I was seeing if there were any more add-ons to these. (Reading page) review information, yeah, because the other is over 23\. I can't add my other child because they are over 23\. 

* Step 5: Claim info

Okay, we said this one. Let's look at it. The second one is an option right here. Okay, okay.   
These provide enough information: Yes, but for the situation we are looking at, the bottom one doesn’t pertain to me at all. The top one pertains, and the veteran was getting care at the VA. So we will go with DIC.

* If they see DIC benefits page  
  * On a scale of 1-5, how certain are you that this specific DIC type is the correct benefit for your situation?  
    * What might be unclear to you if anything?  
  * Treatment list and loop

  (reading page) what if it was continuous treatment lets go 2020 to 2025 that they were going bath and fourth. 

    * If you were completing this at home right now, would you have this information handy, or would you have to pause the application to find it? They would use myHealtheVet chart.   
    * Would you be able to find it readily? No, that’s where you would need to take a step back. I guess I have never been asked that. This is like filing out for a scholarship. You would definitely have to take a step back in real life; you want exact dates. I have seen the day or guessed the month and year instead of the exact day.   
  * How to stop it and start later: Click finishes later, and it will then email you the hyperlink. I have done that for the Headstone for other veterans. That was a good question. I am glad you asked that. That’s a lot of information, even with my own disability packet, you need names/locations/dates/times.   
  * We are all about community care, so yes, add that.   
  * Va gives community care: Yes, and if they can't do it in-house. If they don’t offer it at the VA, they will send me to community care.   
  * (reading page) Okay, let's see what that is. Okay. This would be one if I need to tackle this or not. I would ask my VSO if I needed to do that.   
* Step 6: Financial info

Seems like you are being deterred from going further. Okay, so I clicked no for being in a nursing home, but now it's asking. Is that like the traveling nurse for in-home care, or is that an in-person caregiver? I would look at these to see which one is the easiest to submit because it is a leave the application and come back later. So let's download it and see what it is. Yeah, I was looking at which one would be easier, the others seem like more provided. A doctor's note, a sworn statement from others.   
Debating which you would complete considering the work: Yeah, because if I stop, the application is useless, so I have to keep going.   
Care expenses for myself, it would have to be. Is that an assisted living facility or a residential care facility? Expense for the surviving spouse. (Reading page) Let's go with 750 a month. Let's just make something up. Plus, if you don’t have the right figure, you would be red-flagged and declined. One number out of place and it is declined, and you have to start all over. If those two don’t match, then the top won’t match.   
Clicked on how to report monthly recurring expenses, prescription medications aren’t considered recurring. Okay, what am I claiming? Okay, so if it ends, then it is non-recurring and has to be reported differently. Am I trying to do reimbursements?   
Does that make sense? No. Okay, so if it's prescriptions, it’s a different form, which is what I get, then you do it individually, which is okay because the form is provided. 

* Step 7: Additional info  
  * Direct deposit info: okay I do.   
    * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level?  
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review

Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you?  
* What would you do now?  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete?

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?  

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page?  
2. What does this page mean to you?  
3. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
4. What would you do next?  
5. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?"  
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you? If given 5 options, I would pick the one that met me most and the easiest. See which one is the easiest to qualify for first. If there are next steps, have the paperwork ready.   
2. Is that something you have to do often, which is the least friction method, mental strategy: If I don’t stay on top of it, I lose. An example is that I went to college, so you have the syllabi, and if you do the course without it, you fail; if you do it with it, then you know what the expectations are. If you stay ahead with the information to get through then you are already winning. We went through the practice site, what's recommended. The wording is good. I would need to stop to go get the evidence it is compounding.   
3. What was unclear or didn't work well for you?  
4. What would you like to change or add?  
5. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know?
