# Notes: 534EZ usability testing

## Warm-up Questions

1. I understand you are a surviving spouse/child of a Veteran. Is that right? Veteran, VSO  
2. What kind of device are you using today? Dell Laptop   
3. What web browser do you use? Chrome   
4. Screenreader: JAWS 2024 is what I have right now.   
5. Using it for the session: Yes  
6. Level of experience: I have been using it for 20 years. I don’t dig deep into JAWS, but believe me, if I could do my Master's degree with it, I am pretty good with it.   
7. Share screen: It has been a while since I have done it.   
8. Anything we can do to support you: I am good, I have my coffee, and I am ready to go.   
9. I will be sharing a web page link with you during the session. How would you prefer to receive the URL? Dictate it to me. 

## User Tasks

### First Task: Wayfinding

* First we’re going to look at the VA home page at this URL: [staging.va.gov](https://staging.va.gov/)  
* If you wanted to learn more about survivors' benefits, what would you do first on VA.gov? Normally, I would go to Google, Google it, and then I would know where to go from there. Google is a great tool.   
  * Prompt: How would you go about finding this specific form on the VA.gov site?  
* Note what they would use\*: Google / VA.gov / keywords looking/searching for: To find out about the form, I would look at survivor benefits. 

### Second Task: Open form

Let's suppose that your search (Google/VA.gov) led you to the web page that I'm going to show you. I'd like you to try to use it as if you were applying for VA benefits. As you work, please share your feedback while you're doing that. I'm interested in your impressions of what you see, any questions that you have, and how you feel about what you're doing. I'll have you start from a URL that I'm going to \[dictate/put into the Zoom chat\] for you to use: [https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction](https://staging.va.gov/family-and-caregiver-benefits/survivor-compensation/apply-for-dic-survivors-pension-accrued-benefits-form-21p-534ez/introduction) (Use a bit.ly URL\!)  
**Please look over the section under “Follow these steps to get started.” Do the steps make sense to you?** It gives information to check if you are eligible for DIC or survivors' pensions. There's a list of 5 things you may apply for (Reading Page). You can upload supporting documents for evidence. (Reading page)It tells you the evidence you need to gather in order to apply. Four is starting the application. I think that is pretty straightforward. I have used it so much that I am used to it. We use Vet Preo here, so we just upload and punch in the form and go. We don’t even need to use va.gov.   

### Third Task: Go through questions in form

Please try to **talk aloud** about what you're thinking and what you plan to do BEFORE selecting anything.

* If you had to stop and come back to the form, would you know how to save your progress and return?

*Note: This form uses conditional logic; certain questions don’t appear on every flow. The following steps highlight key pages where we could prompt participants for feedback.*  
Let’s go on and just talk through your thought process as you go.

* Intro screen  
* Step 1: Veteran info

I am on step 1 of 8\. I know what the intent to file is. Oh okay. Want me to continue? The file number is normally the same thing. One less step by not doing it; most people don’t know their file numbers anyway. That should be on a tab instead of an arrow down when using a screenreader. If I tab, it skips no.   
The screenreader didn’t read the question; it just went to the yes/no, okay, scroll up if you can: it's locked in because it is a combo box. It locks into the combo box, and you can't arrow up. There must not be a mark for that question on the form.

* Step 2: Claimant info

So he was the veteran, so this will be the surviving spouse. It would be whoever you checked in the box. Tabbing past continue just takes you to the VA hotline number.   
The screenreader is skipping the message below: At the start, it tells you that it saves you after each step.   
That’s a check box if you are outside of the US. Is that where you put your address? It lists the country before the address; that’s kind of odd. That’s weird because normally that’s at the bottom of most forms. Someone using a screenreader that’s used to going in order, it threw me off, and I am used to the screenreader.  It typically always asks at the bottom.    
It clears it out each time. 

* Benefit type  
  * In your own words, what is the benefit you selected *for*? DIC, accrued benefits would be a different form, but you could click that if you are doing it with DIC.   
* Step 3: Military history

It still should be a tab to tab back and forth. 

* Step 4: Household info

Same thing, needs to be a tab. 

* *Surviving spouses will see marriage and dependent sections*  
  * Marriage end  
    * If married to Veteran at time of death, on “When and where did your marriage end?” page: This is vague to me when filling it out because if they were still married, the marriage isn’t ending, so some people would check that. There needs to be something about due to death. When I first did this, you just left it open. You would need the date of death; with that being required, there needs to be a check box for when the veteran passed. At least if anything, just have a check box, date ended when the veteran passed.   
      * Did it read the next link of if you were married at time of death it is date of death: Okay. Still, like I didn’t do, people aren’t going to read it. There should just be a check box. Just my thinking. 

    This is another vague one, it throws people off because sometimes the veteran is in a nursing home. 

    Not specific enough: right. 

    Other circumstances you would like clarification, such as deployed: Yeah, it should have multiple selects like that. You can click died on active duty or not. I don’t know what you could put there, but yeah. Most of our veterans it’s that they are in a nursing home or some form of rehab. They are living with the veteran but are currently in a nursing home. 

    * Previous marriages  
      I get those questions because of who's going to be on the dependency list. It is a tricky one, and you need to pay attention when answering it. I just did one for a 99-year-old veteran, and you have to ask this question, too.   
  *   
  * *Dependents will see dependent section only*  
    * (Intro page) In your own words, who does the form consider a 'dependent' for this section? This is self-explanatory.   
* Step 5: Claim info

I didn’t hear what code DIC was under. I know there are three, one 1151, two different types. The explanation there, I didn’t hear what code it was on there. When I expanded the thing, it just said DIC, and the second didn’t say 1151\. Okay, there it is. I just didn’t hear it. They are both 1151’s, but there’s a different US code associated. 

* Treatment list and loop: Am I supposed to click on this one? We are already applying for it. 

Did it skip the words below: It didn’t announce it. It goes into the links now. There are the breadcrumbs where we come in. It skipped whatever questions are there. This is what the building process is. This is part of step 5\. Was that the question I was supposed to ask on the previous question? That is weird in the middle of the application process.  
Why is it weird: You are filling out a form, and if you have been seen at the VA, it is weird for it to pop up in the middle of the form. Okay. It’s just my two cents.   
What would you prefer: Probably at the beginning, because you are in the middle, trying to figure it all out, then you are given instructions to go here or click here. I like my instructions up front  
For each section: yes, so you know what you are doing in each instruction.   
Jumping around: yeah, it's just right in the middle, then you are being given instructions to go elsewhere. I think it would throw somebody off, in my opinion.   
That is all straightforward.   
A lot of people will not know the dates of treatments.   
Would they know how to find it? They would have to call the VA. We give them to VABS, but most people who file for DIC probably use a VSO. 

* Step 6: Financial info

There's text on this page, but it didn’t read (Reading Page): Yeah, there’s no script written behind that. I also noticed there’s nothing to fill out on this page either.  
Is it repeating itself, or are you having it repeat? No, I am tabbing through.  Some websites I am used to it, it will repeat something twice. 

* Step 7: Additional info  
  * Direct deposit info: This is funky because we don’t fill this out. Normally, the Veterans have had claims at the VA already, so the VA has this already. Normally, they will contact the spouse if they don’t have the correct information. A lot of the times this isn’t needed.   
  * Helpful to be able to skip this or verify the information: Did it say it is required? I don’t know many people who fill this out other than a VSO. Most of our Veterans have already given this information to the VA.  
  * What options should be here: I wouldn’t make it a required field. Most of the veterans have joint accounts.   
    * Provide them with fake account info

*Pause on the supporting documents list.*  

### Fourth Task: Supporting documents list

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. What does this mean to you?  
2. If you had to start gathering these documents today, would you know where to find them and/or how to obtain them?  
3. Which specific items on this list, if any, feel difficult to obtain?  
4. How long do you estimate it would take you to collect the documents you need?  
5. Was there anything you expected to see here that is missing?  
6. How comfortable are you with uploading sensitive personal documents (like a death or marriage certificate) to VA.gov? What would increase your comfort level?  
7. Imagine you do not have one of these documents with you right now. What would you do? (To test real-world failure scenarios.)  
8. 

### Fifth Task: Review
 
Please tell me about what you see here.

* What does this mean to you?  
* What would you do now?  
* On a scale of 1-5, one being not confident at all and five being very confident, how confident are you that you have provided all the necessary information and that your application is complete?

Do you have any concerns that the information you provided might lead to an issue like an over- or underpayment?

* If Y: Can you talk briefly about why you might have those concerns?  

### Sixth Task: Confirmation

Please tell me about what you see here.

1. Why do you think you’re seeing this page?  
2. What does this page mean to you?  
3. Is there anything that’s unclear to you?  
4. What would you do next?  
5. What concerns do you have, if any, about your application being processed correctly after you hit submit?

## Post-Task Interview

**For those who have applied before:**

1. "How does this online experience compare to your previous experience?"  
2. "What information do you wish you had known before applying the first time?"

**For all:**

1. What worked well for you?  
2. What was unclear or didn't work well for you?  
3. What would you like to change or add?  
4. Is there anything else that we haven't talked about that you think I should know?

How do you prefer to navigate the page? Since I have seen the page before, I use both. When I see tab skip, I feel it skips, then I will tab back and arrow through. 
